Subject	Content	SA							
1	gas by my house hit $3.39!!!! i'm going to chapel hill on sat. :)	1							
1	"theo walcott is still shit, watch rafa and johnny deal with him on saturday."	-1							
1	"its not that i'm a gsp fan, i just hate nick diaz. can't wait for february."	-1							
1	iranian general says israel's iron dome can't deal with their missiles (keep talking like that and we may end up finding out)	-1							
1	"tehran, mon amour: obama tried to establish ties with the mullahs  via  no barack obama - vote mitt romney"	0							
1	i sat through this whole movie just for harry and ron at christmas. ohlawd	0							
1	with j davlar 11th. main rivals are team poland. hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow.	1							
1	"talking about act's && sat's, deciding where i want to go to college, applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out."	-1							
1	why is \happy valentines day\ trending? it's on the 14th of february not 12th of june smh..	0							
1	"they may have a superbowl in dallas, but dallas ain't winning a superbowl. not with that quarterback and owner."	-1							
1	"im bringing the monster load of candy tomorrow, i just hope it doesn't get all squiched"	0							
1	"apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads..."	0							
1	i just watched it! sridevi's comeback.... u remember her from the 90s?? sun mornings on nta ;)	1							
1	one of my best 8th graders kory was excited after his touchdown today!! he did the victor cruz!!lol	1							
1	#livewire nadal confirmed for mexican open in february: rafael nadal is set to play at the me...  #livewireathletics	0							
1	i didnt want to just pop up... but yep we have chapel hill next wednesday you should come.. and shes great ill tell her you asked	1							
1	hmmmm  november is an odd release date if true but if it becomes big enough maybe she could sing it at grammys	0							
1	"#iran us delisting mko from global terrorists list in line with iran campaign: tehran, oct 30, irna -- secretary..."	0							
1	serge is amazing... like hes actually a god the lanky sex god... i saw kasabian and noel together in august. it was amazing.	1							
1	larry bird is ranked 4th all-time not including lebron or kobe just sayin...	0							
1	good morning becky ! thursday is going to be fantastic !	1							
1	"expect light-moderate rains over e. visayas; cebu, bohol, samar & leyte have 30-70% chance of rains tonight! expect fair weather tomorrow!:)"	0							
1	one ticket left for the  game tomorrow!  don't miss the rematch of the nfc championship game against the ny giants!  hit me up!	1							
1	"afc away fans on saturday. all this stuff about the 'she said no' chant. it's bollocks. when he has the ball, just turn your back on him."	-1							
1	my saturday night has consisted of me watching the grey with my puppy while my parents throw a rager #whaa #liamneesonisbosstho	-1							
1	why is it so hard to find the  these days? went to 3 stores for the castle cover issue. none. will search again tomorrow...	-1							
1	game 1 of the nlcs and a rematch of the nfc championship game tomorrow. sf's gonna be cuuuuhraaaaaaaazeeeee	0							
1	james hall live in indianapolis dec.8th.. christ church apostolic!' tixs just $10/adv. $15 be there..	0							
1	the heat game may cost alot more...and plus i would rather see austin rivers play	0							
1	"never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow......tomorrow never comes....if it means anything to u, act now! #getafterit"	1							
1	"i had vick and flacco, needed an upgrade.  vick may get benched, jennings a back up again soon. i thought it was a win for me."	1							
1	"key largo, fl!!! yay just ur neighbor lisa a sip n a hop away :) always watching #rhom thur's!!"	1							
1	looks like andy the android may have had a little too much fun yesterday.	1							
1	oooh nice .. tis tempting to go up the lakes with my nikon ...  hmmmm i may do that ..	1							
1	"black friday huge saving aerial view of a city, paris las vegas, the las vegas strip, las vegas,..."	0							
1	yes we all know indio vs cv is tomorrow the bell game. its enough.!!	1							
1	"jenelle lies,1st she said she was alone &the hosp.now she's saying how weird it was for keiffer's"	-1							
1	"lmfao his big ass get on my nerves, you going to class tomorrow?"	-1							
1	i'm going to hong kong during that time and mama is on nov 30. i want to see them live	1							
1	happy 20th mr. president! nick j forever off the chain.	1							
1	dream high 2 sucks compared to the 1st one.	-1							
1	"mohamed morsi, egypt's muslim brotherhood president, instructed the supreme council of the armed forces thursday..."	0							
1	c'mon avila! you just got tagged out by a guy who looks like the kid bill murray was researching in the royal tenenbaums! #tigers	0							
1	"you think the boro will beat swansea? i'm not so sure, december/january is when we implode"	-1							
1	"at the first grammy awards, held on 4 may 1959, domenico modugno beat out frank sinatra and peggy lee for the record of the year,with volare"	0							
1	happy birthday vow  (the 3rd anniversary)	1							
1	i have studied all day but tomorrow i'm going out with friends! :d omg jennette did?!!!! i'm gonna look! <3	1							
1	"good morning thursday. \life is fragile. we're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got.\ - tim cook [do it for jobs!"""	1							
1	#twitition mcfly come back to argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata!!!	1							
1	anything. i wondered how the aspects btwn my sun/moon faired with my rising. i also have venus in sag...yea lol thank u :)	1							
1	my teachers call themselves givng us candy....wasn't even the good stuff. i might go to walmart or cvs tomorrow/	-1							
1	"#broncos peyton manning named afc offensive player of the month. it's his 5th such honor, second to tom brady's 6, tied w/ td."	0							
1	is bringing out kendrick lamar the 6th of december!?! get your tickets now!	0							
1	i may have an android phone by the time i get back to school! :)	1							
1	"andre's wigan warning - #coys official site wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league,..."	0							
1	tryst tonight! best industry/local/thursday party in las vegas!	1							
1	what if it rained? we didn't care.. she said that someday soon the sun was gonna shine.. and she was right.. this love of mine my valentine	1							
1	"royal rumble tomorrow night, my house. assemble the crew were gettin real this time haahaha"	1							
1	"strange enough, i'm going to see noel gallagher in concert tomorrow  night. #alldayb1tch"	0							
1	"when my professor passes out candy and says \a very small amount of that may be from valentines day, just so you know\"	0							
1	how are they going to act in new york with the subways out? they better clutch it out like eli manning 4th quarter	0							
1	"homegrown talent missing on signing day: throughout most of the day on wednesday, the video scoreboard ...  #raleigh"	-1							
1	taylor swift is coming with ed sheeran june 29th? most perf news i've heard all night.	1							
1	the great noel gallagher is about to hit the stage in st. paul. plenty of room here so we're 4th row center. plenty of room. pretty fired up	1							
1	"i'd love to go for a pint with jim white off ssn, think he may have a bit about him"	1							
1	"there are going to be plenty of ups & downs for boro,cardiff,leicester etc until may.i hope we are still in with a shout for promo"	0							
1	"that sucks, amazon might have some left .. hate that i won't have it until 11am on tuesday though"	-1							
1	happy sunday last off sadat before back to work enjoy it tweeps now to do yard work for a couple hours then some fun	1							
1	"playing as the browns hc k. fri in #madden13, xfacalac lost to the ravens 21-28 on all-madden #connectedcareers"	0							
1	#cfc  is the best of the premier league! his overall ea sports player performance index score: 217. (1st place) #matamagic	1							
1	nooooooooo rosanne! they've just restocked them and me going overseas sunday means i can't afford them :'(	-1							
1	the pain is far deeper than a billy cundiff missed field goal. gotta wake up and forget about it tomorrow. #orioles #stayhungry	0							
1	on november 16 be ready to head to the movies. breaking dawn: part 2. (;	1							
1	"after seeing  tweet about watching the vow, i think i may need to watch it."	0							
1	"tomorrow shall consist of watching will ferrell films with my fave people and chinese food, sweet."	1							
1	"yeah.. you know just sitting around by myself listening to avril lavigne, typical friday night."	0							
1	"d, you're the closest source btwn fans & team. btw heard cards may sign billy cundiff. any truth?! #snarklife"	0							
1	"and the same station that will air new episodes of cougar town in january!  has been good to us, jordan. #pennycan"	1							
1	alex poythress had 11 points and 7 rebounds in his debut with kentucky during an exhibition game on thursday. he played 28 minutes.	0							
1	i think i may have a heart attack for jason wu's new collection. so charlotte rampling in the night	1							
1	if i can get my equipment working correctly we will have a live show on friday at 6 pm cst with contactee ray...	0							
1	amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble/faculty jazz combo!  don't miss tomorrow night...	1							
1	"#nationals 9th inning had that \4th quarter #redskins\ feel, didn't it?  coulda swore i saw cundiff shank one from the mound."	0							
1	why would you still wear shorts when it's this cold?!  i love how britain see's a bit of sun and they're like 'oooh let's strip!'	1							
1	. you mentioned on monday that you would be releasing colorado and nevada numbers on wednesday; were those polls abandoned?	0							
1	capello says time for russia to win big match: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to...	1							
1	jackals goal! jimmy martin sneaks a rebound past killeen to give elmira a 2-1 lead. bushee & bellamy with the assists.1:09 left 2nd period	0							
1	kick-off your weekend with service! ev!'s get on the bus trip to the boys & girls club is friday from 3-6! hope to see you there :)	1							
1	"lmfao alright u got me there. good job parker and the spurs, see y'all jan 9th. if i get an extra ticket to that game ur goin"	1							
1	desperation day (february 13th)  the most well known day in all mens life.	-1							
1	we have a similar circumstance in australia. jan 25 is australia day & many first peoples call it invasion day.	0							
1	paul-and5homos: harry and louis are just fri- eleanor is such an inspira- harry is such a manwho- louis is...	0							
1	"#web apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco (reuters) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of ..."	0							
1	"you two may fight like cats and dogs, but you're completely head over heels for each other. you two are like allie and noah in the notebook."	1							
1	\ damn next saturday tho\ niggas was trynna get shit over with #early	-1							
1	and the 4th one is for harry styles!! <33333	0							
1	"this guy so much like bruno mars, it's crazy. he may be his long lost twin."	0							
1	"blog post: mtv's \teen mom 2\ returns for an intense third season with chelsea, jenelle, kailyn and leah on monday,..."	0							
1	the business leader's award ceremony will be held during the  annual meeting in davos on the  25 january 2013!	0							
1	hi elif  greetings from usa midwest  how is school going?  happy turkish republic day!  i can't wait for nov 8 #newglee yes!	1							
1	hoping to look fit tomorrow on the jeremy kyle show #itvfashion	1							
1	me you and joe gone chill saturday of i come tho	0							
1	"\obma fails 2unite us, he divides us by sex, color,party,age, wealth nevada's 1st latino governor votes early for romney, predicts gop win\"	-1							
1	grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston: whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle...	1							
1	"calling all voters, i'm calling on nevada,florida,ohio,tuesday night is the night u guys will i repeat will shine for the president lets go!"	0							
1	we tallied up the votes and are announcing the winners for calling all communities! tune in  on nov 1st at 11am (cst)	0							
1	it's radio 1 rocks next -  week starting off with a live lounge on  show with bullet for my valentine on monday	0							
1	drew peterson is #untouchable no more! check out these movie photos before you watch on sun at 7/6c:	1							
1	im just a 19 year old still on loan for the 3rd time at coventry 79 overall hopefully when i return bale will still be ther	0							
1	"halloween may be the second worst holiday, right after valentine's day"	-1							
1	pumped to open the season tomorrow night against georgetown!  women's preview:  | men's preview:	1							
1	just found a piece of candy that may have been injected with something. #why	-1							
1	apple shakeup mobile software boss eased out: apple inc. ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful head of the company&#039;s mo...	0							
1	somehow i managed to \lose\ my princess leia bra on saturday. i'm going to noel gallagher as \glock at phish\ ie jorts&tank.	0							
1	"i may relent and get one myself, but i hope it doesn't come to that. hopefully all the decent apps will get ported to android"	0							
1	"android 4.2 camera app with photo sphere now available for galaxy nexus: introduced on monday, android 4.2 bring..."	0							
1	"saeed: #nowplaying: bep, ricky martin and kt tunstall! great songs to get you through your sunday! hate the rain!!"	1							
1	"nope, it's just camden, eating greek food with a pumpkin... just another wednesday."	0							
1	are you ready to shop the new collection from h&m tomorrow?? the grey concept from h&m  #fashion #shopping #highstreet	0							
1	"faq: what is 'skeuomorphic design' and the executive shakeup at apple: san francisco, ca - march 07:  apple ceo ..."	0							
1	fact of the day; halloween night is papa john's second busiest night of the year behind super bowl sunday.	0							
1	no one can hold a candle to queen coco. if she's still doing shows in august for my wedding we have to go!!!	1							
1	omg. ricky martin may be gay but he is one fine ass gay man.	1							
1	the clippers are playing the cavaliers on monday and are having a night to honor israel! :) wish you were in la still.	1							
1	on the bright side tomorrow's chocolate day #getexcited	1							
1	um i just learned that sunday is national chocolate day. i'm totally taking advantage of that.	1							
1	"to all 90's ladies, see you on 15th dec - axl rose.    (teaser biar gak kecewa)"	0							
1	"noel gallagher: \musicians are fucking idiots.\ - yeah, brian may - he's an idiot... an idiot who just so happens to be a professor?"	-1							
1	vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday.	0							
1	"hell yea lmfaoo , & see you tomorrow asia baby (;"	1							
1	i wanted you to know that here in argentina is going to make a directioner fest 10 november te amo te amo te amo!	0							
1	"its november already.. christmas will be here soon, then new year, then valentine's day then graduation?!?!"	0							
1	#nowplaying michael jackson - she's out of my life (live at wembley july 16.  l.o.v.e it! #mjtunes	1							
1	niggas be on the lakers dick...we still gon finish damn near first seed...while yo team be struggling for the 8th spot	-1							
1	"october  people have principles..& argue passionately for them, about them & act on them.  ghandi, sadat, adt, me!"	1							
1	amber fantastic news!!! we will reunite with barbara and jenelle on november 21st when teen mom 2 premieres!!	1							
1	i need another viv necklace... may buy myself one for valentines day #nojoke	0							
1	i'm in the bathroom bumping \niggas in paris\ crunk ass hell like it's my 1st time hearing it this song will never get old lol	1							
1	"just got tickets to see muse in florida. that, combined with the grammys two weeks prior, equals a really busy february for ruby and myself."	0							
1	welcome nick j! :\) \  in manila! so excited for the show on friday.	1							
1	battle for the 17th banner: royal rumble basketball edition	0							
1	no matter what anyone says...ray lewis may be the best defensive player to ever play the game. hes got heart and hes got anger.	1							
1	"4th album out #red, #20millionswifties, 6 grammy awards, 10 amas, 13 bmi awards! reigning entertainer of the year acm!  #6yearstaylorswift"	1							
1	"smooches from fido: yea or nay? - july 6th was international kissing day (of the human sort). later in the month, ca..."	0							
1	it's midnight on the east coast which means its  birthday! happy 20th birthday nick j!!!!!!!!!! <333	1							
1	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company's error-ridden new mobile map...	-1							
1	monta ellis / ellis provided just five points on 2-of-13 shooting thursday  #nba #playersnews	0							
1	"when i teach a basketball in my own school, we're gonna spend the 1st day watching larry bird videos, & the rest will take care of itself."	0							
1	at&t offers free cloud storage for ios and android at&t on thursday announced a new service it calls at&t locker th...	0							
1	we are here  for our 12th anniversary celebration.  you still have time to make it - 6620 s. king dr	1							
1	i told you shane would get his 5th-star on rivals before signing day.	0							
1	mitch are you free on sunday to bale leaves for an hour?  if not no big deal  you can have them for animals	0							
1	"me heart will explode, i need some new about avril's 4th album"	0							
1	love how i skipped every category of the nta's besides the soaps. couldn't give half a fuck if everything else went off the air tomorrow.	1							
1	was in on sat and they only had the ray lewis home jersey.  they didn't have a lot either.	-1							
1	new york giants: game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season	0							
1	c'mon c'mon does sound like queen's we will rock you somehow...	0							
1	mashed out to \niggas in paris\ in the club while in paris... as cliche as it may sound. #weouthere	0							
1	pick the chelsea team to play swansea - chelsea's focus now turns back to the premier league and on saturday we make...	0							
1	i just had a look and it seems nash to davos is a done deal along with joe thornton. i may have to pay a visit...	0							
1	my mom just texted me reminding me that grammys birthdays tomorrow.. how could i ever forget? #biggestdayoftheyear	1							
1	wow! you're also a percy jackson fan! :-) the 4th book of heroes of olympus will be entitled \house of hades\	1							
1	esperance will be without star player youssef msakni for the first leg of the champions league final against al ahly on saturday. #africa	-1							
1	the sun: paolo di canio says beating aston villa tonight would be like having sex with madonna. #legend	-1							
1	"obviously, i am not a fan of dream high 2 and i haven't even watched it! well, i watched the 1st ep,that's where i heard that song!^^"	-1							
1	"black history fact: marsalis is the 1st and only artist to win both classical and jazz grammy awards in one year, and to repeat the next yr"	1							
1	watching david letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the 2nd most brilliant thing i've seen tonight.	1							
1	gov. mitch daniels will announce his indiana supreme court pick at 10 a.m. will the 3rd time be the charm for a female member of the panel?	0							
1	goodnight everyone!!! talk to you all tomorrow :d i shall leave you with harry styles -a	0							
1	"most common nights to order pizza: nye, jan 1, day before thanksgiving, super bowl sunday, halloween."	0							
1	the grey and yellow gold wedding puzzle is now up with the first piece being a unique two-tone dress by	1							
1	listening to kendrick lamar.....i don't even want to get a hair cut tomorrow!!!	-1							
1	"harakah: iran army monitoring all ships in gulf: tehran, oct 28: a senior commander of the islamic revolution gu..."	0							
1	ht: norwich 0-0 #spurs. we've edged the 1st half without creating any clear cut chances. bale's had a couple of decent long range efforts.	0							
1	"guys, the marijuana law in colorado, oregon, and washington can pass this tuesday. #highhopes"	1							
1	breezin' won the best pop instrumental performance at the 19th grammy awards	1							
1	"\pacino is going to play joe paterno.  this is the 2nd time he has starred in a film, that has the line 'say hello to my little friend\- snl"	0							
1	not wearing make up to dublin tomorrow until i'm getting ready for the party. help.	-1							
1	snow may fall for parts of cny the next few days. find out where the best chances will be at 6:42 am on tv & online:	0							
1	it seem like austin rivers is tryin to had to get a bucket. i feel em tho my 1st game in the league i was trying hard too	0							
1	cofield draws leadoff walk in top 4th. zaharion at the plate.	0							
1	"aww my celebrity day is this thursday also, going as jennifer hudson though :)"	0							
1	i miss you and i better get a juge kiss and hug tomorrow night (because you will be at joe's :))	1							
1	"took me ten clicks to figure out where to early vote in colorado. that site doesn't say what you need to bring. c'mon,"	-1							
1	sat down to watch michael jackson this is it on dvd xx	0							
1	"on the set of the axis of the nigerian economy, airing every tuesday 8:30pm on nta international (dstv)"	0							
1	text from my dad: \you like charles dickens\ 1) obvs looking at my amazon wish list (too late for sunday) 2) why th surprise?!	1							
1	upset alert in acc men's soccer: #1 maryland down 4-2 to wake forest late in the 2nd...and down a man after an earlier red card.	-1							
1	really bored of this host on super sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about man utd #biasprick	-1							
1	"i may have missed out seeing noel fielding and rich fulcher today, but i did just see tom tilley! #samsimmons"	0							
1	thankfully he's in germany now. and comes home in january. still dangerous though.	-1							
1	looper was amazing!!! now to the theatre to see simon callow's 'the mystery of charles dickens' ...loving my wednesday off work :-)	1							
1	"if you're an october baby, then happy valentine's day to your folks ... they have an annual memory"	1							
1	"negros and nigglettes, all who would like to attend the a$ap rocky concert on  november 17th at starland lemme know tickets are only 25"	0							
1	"wish maddie luck next saturday, she has a solo audition for britain's got talent! :) ~ ellie xxxxx"	1							
1	"#nfl victor cruz went public this month with his desire for a new contract. on tuesday, the giants rec...  #football"	0							
1	% of joe pa masks at penn state sat? or will psu by allow then in the stadium? is it bad to wear it?	0							
1	that's crazy. i'm more jealous of u going to joe pa's grave! i was sad saturday when i walked past where the statue should be:(	-1							
1	"mizzou commemorates its win over kentucky with a t-shirt. no, really. | dr. saturday - yahoo! sports  #fb"	1							
1	who should the rock face for the wwe title at the royal rumble? i just voted #rockpunk would be a 1st to see	0							
1	lol that was our only year we may have had a chance at the superbowl. now we must wait until nick foley	0							
1	thinking a bolt action .30-06 may have to be in the cards for valentine's day or something.	0							
1	happy valentine's day!!!  everyday is the 14th!	1							
1	i have to finish reading paterno by tomorrow so i can watch football sunday and monday and prepare for the #nba2k13 release #120pagesleft	0							
1	it may be indian time tonite becky :-) xx	0							
1	just watched the campaign with will ferrell and zack galafianakis... good fun for a wednesday. #hilarious	1							
1	season ends with superbowl in first week of february.	0							
1	your review reminded me i still need 2 read the very 1st percy jackson book! heroes of olympus is an offshoot series from it?	0							
1	crazy i was in a meeting with an old nba player that was picked 3rd before larry bird	0							
1	this sunday new york giants are going down. #steelers	-1							
1	"as an introduction to literature we wrote about the woman in black, not something i particulalry want to read, may just cry #shitmyself"	-1							
1	"\  i did, the other new is in today, northern lights......\ i get payed tomorrow!"	0							
1	"just finished rehearsing with  - we are ready for the kendrick lamar show tomorrow, shout outs to wvu..."	0							
1	i posted 12 photos on facebook in the album \super sunday wid shobhit bhatia......\	0							
1	i been watching \all-access kentucky\ every wed and it has been making me like these young dudes on kentucky.	0							
1	\nick j all day\ and \#30\ on my powder puff pants. looks like i'm gonna be a stud tomorrow under the lights.	1							
1	roy ... just go ... you're a bigger embarassment than capello and mcclaren ...	-1							
1	"##$$## black friday deals nikon d3200 24.2 megapixels digital slr camera with 18-55mm nikkor vr lens, black & nikon ..."	0							
1	"han mon dieu le remix de i am the best dans dream high 2, je meurs xddd"	1							
1	"you do not want to miss this tomorrow night.  rj is moving to maryland soon, and we have a truly epic set planned..."	0							
1	don't forget mitch daniels is going to be on steven colbert's show thursday.  think this will come up as a topic?	0							
1	\ mane i gotta see that denzel movie tomorrow! shit look like its gone be a good one\ditto. im going to try to go tomorrow	1							
1	i would think you would do that if you are running for potus. it may be part of your job someday.	0							
1	"grammy and caleb going freeport tomorrow chalee,"	0							
1	but how you gon handle it if you are announcing on super bowl sunday?!! you might put that gold back in yo grill.	0							
1	i have plans to go to cvs before work today and get something.  that may be what i get. i'm going to quarantine myself today	0							
1	iphone 5: apple ceo pledges to improve new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized on friday for the company's er...	0							
1	"full moon:oct 29th. you can read more if you have your sun sign in libra, scorpio, sag, cap, aqua or pisces"	0							
1	"drew peterson may be convicted, but there is still conflict going on  #whenwillitend #localnews #chicago"	0							
1	paterno wouldnt be charged. all hearsay on him and he did do his job (minimal as may be). he reported it. rest is speculation.	0							
1	"with all benson's attention, frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild. lets 'founding father' him so he know we will never forget 2nd place."	-1							
1	"police, protesters clash at republic day march in turkey: on a day marking the 89th anniversary of the founding ..."	-1							
1	i will be participating in a google+ hangout with  tomorrow!  i'm super excited! check it out:	1							
1	why do you think murray may leave? no way a team drafts him before the 5th or 6th round!	-1							
1	"aww love you austin rivers and happy to see you get start in 1st nba game...but it's against my boys, lets go spurs! #spurs #nba"	1							
1	i've paid a few quid for a jim white record if i recall correctly but i'm not in the biz so i may well be missing the point.	0							
1	mines personal thinking tebow is better then flacco. i don't care how bad he played sunday	1							
1	another center? gagner is a good cheap 2nd line option that we can afford and keep the kids.	1							
1	i'm still shaking my head at that decision and that the heat & knick are actually playing tomorrow at msg.	-1							
1	"the glass may be rising, but it's not getting any warmer here, lago del desierto, argentina"	-1							
1	wish i could make that trip to athens on tuesday	1							
1	"apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco (reuters) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful hea..."	0							
1	i want to watch the grey... for the 16th time.	1							
1	capello says time for russia to win big match: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to...	0							
1	i'm hosting the day party @ spartacus friday from 2-6 and then @ spy in raleigh that night!	0							
1	\eli manning hopes the giants can uplift the spirits of the millions affected by sandy in ny with their game against the steelers on sunday\	0							
1	the mccormick place....rite here by the hyatt hotel on like 23rd nd king dr.	0							
1	fabio capello: \from what i've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow\. #cantwait	1							
1	not necessarily. in nevada it may help obama because its one less vote for romney. but i know what you mean hah.	0							
1	"parker, leonard steal okc's thunder: ninety minutes before tipoff thursday night at the at&t center, oklahoma ci..."	-1							
1	i really do hope they finish the trade by tuesday or wednesday. gagner is a real solid player and could help the sabres	1							
1	after watching the campaign again i have realized that step brothers is still the funniest will ferrell movie but this one is in 2nd place	1							
1	"he's on the plane to amsterdam now, bet he's not in class tomorrow"	0							
1	i really wanna go to one of his things! did you watch his new thing on channel 4 last friday? xx	1							
1	i -may- be the only girl on the face of the earth that doesn't find channing tatum attractive. #callmecrazy #justsayin #donthateme	-1							
1	"obama may have been better off staying put, personally i'm glad he's back on the trail- he's helping move people to mitt!"	1							
1	"cold pizza and mass effect 3. i want my leg healed!! going to look up some voodoo shit. i'll be walking, jumping and running tomorrow."	0							
1	"remember cupid at convo last year with the bomb candy bar?? if you liked that, you'll love next tuesday's tr"	1							
1	"on november 16 ; me, my mom, and my sister are going to see \breaking dawn: part 2\ #judgeus"	0							
1	channing tatum will be in white oak tomorrow...for all you stalkers out there	0							
1	i fly that saturday the 15th from detroit to amsterdam then up to newcastle	0							
1	"my dad & the builder are talking about city and it turns out the builder is sat the row behind me at the aston villa game, fuck sake"	-1							
1	games played during the week are now more interesting than super sunday!	1							
1	#hulu video game trailers - launch trailer: check out the launch trailer for mass effect 3. added: fri oct 26 00...	0							
1	i'd watch cougar town over this any day! january 8 on tbs. very funny. #firedooley	1							
1	stacie just hit me up and said my packages might be up here tomorrow if that's the case i'm not going to the rave in san fran. #priorities	-1							
1	of course it's aston villa.  played them off the park on saturday.  bring it on!	0							
1	"matching cofield in sacks. but, this is only the 1st pre-season game so.... we'll see."	0							
1	give me 5 mins with candy the dancer from deja vu i'm nutting on my 4th pump she that bad lol	-1							
1	kevin hart show at msg on november 10th is going to be beautiful	1							
1	"do you know ?they may not but we're so fond of all the countries . uh,happy republic day ."	1							
1	cof cof~  someone is going to germany on november 30 ...oh i really envy you   :)	1							
1	"thank you snow for cancelling classes today. now you may stop snowing, so that i can drive to chapel hill tomorrow. i'd really appreciate it"	1							
1	chick in my class said flacco is the best qb in the league. 1- why is a chick talkin football. 2. i cant wait for class tomorrow lol	1							
1	#entrepreneur #angelinvestor pitch in on the new birthday party / super bowl sunday treat	1							
1	#oilersmobile: july 20: sam gagner |     nice to have you there for at least another year!	1							
1	think i might go see flight tomorrow just because denzel washington ..	1							
1	mohamed nasheed's press brief about coni report - 31 aug 2012:  via	0							
1	i wish the best of luck to the boro football players and hope they kick butt saturday for shaun #winitforshaun	1							
1	calling all reality tv fans: we're inviting li reality tv stars to join a google+ hangout on sunday and you can too.	0							
1	"honesty is often best policy: fabio capello, russia coach: \i was hoping ronaldo's injury was more serious so he couldn't play tomorrow.\"	-1							
1	"bestie we gotta go see \flight\ with denzel washington, comes out friday. seems so good"	1							
1	"i don't know what y'all will be doing on november 1, but i'll be in a google+ hangout with jordy nelson!! #squeeeeee"	0							
1	"dinner in athens with my friend,  preparing for our game on  this saturday. #olemiss #georgia"	0							
1	":) most def, i think when you come tomorrow the boys will be here."	1							
1	this is austin rivers 1st game and people sucking him he a rookie chill !	-1							
1	hello. may i ask how did you get on set of castle?	0							
1	"throwback thursday! daddy and joe pa! rip to, in my eyes, still the most winningest coach in college footbal"	1							
1	"\  gagner's agent says talks continue, will have hearing on friday if no deal\ msm just proved you're #clueless!"	-1							
1	"im enjoying celebrity juice instead of sleep, going to be fooked tomorrow though"	1							
1	"the woman in black - the legendary ghost thriller, touring to dubai and abu dhabi in november & december. more..."	1							
1	can it please be wednesday and potus has been re elected. then we can move this country #forward!	0							
1	jacksonville really sound like the move tomorrow	0							
1	#asimplelife opens tomorrow at lee's 4-star in san fran - roger ebert called it \one of the year's best films\	0							
1	nooooooooo!!!!!! maybe you can just look over it right before the test tomorrow and do that first	-1							
1	#hcafc loan keeper ben amos named in the england under-21s side to face azerbaijan next thursday and norway on sept 10.	0							
1	"norv turner calls a play action pass on 1st & goal at the half-yard line, rivers throws a pick. #chargers"	0							
1	celebrity juice. best thing on about a thursday	1							
1	my friends and i are betting joe wets his pants when he sees the whopping mittens will get nov 6	0							
1	waheed proposed mdp to join the  gov prior coni's verdict. 7 feb controversial power transfer refrained mdp joining the govt.	-1							
1	me and  booked in to see a good day to die hard on february 14 2013 (valentine's day).	0							
1	\ frankie: i think i'm gonna have a date with my bed tomorrow me: same.\ that's my boy	1							
1	pray for mohamed morsi the new president of egypt that he may continue to be a leader for freedom and peace.	1							
1	i may spend a lot of my free time riding on random elevators hoping for a chance encounter with bill murray...	1							
1	wvu goes for it on every 4th down. is our kicker worst than cundiff?	-1							
1	was it becky? cause she told me about it.. i'll figure it out tomorrow..	0							
1	"axl rose needs to just give up. now. not later, not soon, not tomorrow. now!"	-1							
1	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt! :)	1							
1	shout out to my boy  who fights tomorrow night on the las vegas #rfa card. he's put in the work so i don't need to wish him luck.	1							
1	dec 16th. i know it's so far and near the end of sagittarius but i'm a full blown sag girl :) lol	1							
1	"if you're on the isle of man next thurs, i'll be talking about safe house and signing books at waterstones from 6.30pm."	0							
1	pbr &  bring you jim white at the  lounge on october 23rd at 7 pm!	0							
1	happy halloween!! starting this wicked wednesday off listening to pink floyd and leonard cohen. get to take my boys out tonight! yay!!	1							
1	i wonder what cortese is thinking after watching that 1st half of total wank? as for boruc you are a disgrace and a complete twat. #saintsfc	-1							
1	sad i won't get to see  on the challenge: battle of the seasons tonight :( i guess i'll have to wait until next wednesday..	-1							
1	"austin rivers needs to get stronger, #spurs guards muscling him tonight. he started and just now scored in 4th. #hornets"	-1							
1	july 28th national milk chocolate day. you might say milk chocolate is the star of the chocolate (cont)	0							
1	on sunday november 4th olympus experts will be on hand at the currys store in cambridge.  from 10:30am until...	0							
1	"happy valentines day <3... only if you live in brazil, otherwise its just another irritating monday."	1							
1	okay me and  are about to watch the woman in black. this may be a terrible night.	-1							
1	saturday i buy my ticket for the #tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy!!!!	1							
1	"this goes way too fast :o its been already a year that i saw avril lavigne in concert <3 october 25 2011, one of the best day of my life :d"	1							
1	heh i just remembered i forgot to watch jonathan ross. guess i'll watch it tomorrow. i was watching another show and forgot. schmeh.	0							
1	gambled on chocolate day as a successful theme day at work..turns out chdn do like chocolate. wed. is gross day. hope kids like gross stuff.	1							
1	harry redknapp is set to hold talks over the blackburn job on tuesday as he prepares for a return to management (mail)	0							
1	go to the bell game tomorrow i'll take you for. a littlle whippa	0							
1	"if you fancy joining in our a to z tour of the world foods of london, come sample taiwan on thursday:..."	1							
1	"so many choices of gigs this saturday night. the ibb at the rugby club (which one, there are two up twmpath?) and..."	0							
1	how does it compare to diablo iii (regardless of how fair that comparison may be)?	0							
1	"\how many continents was the challenge filmed on?\ \21?\ okay, what did you fail 2nd grade?"	-1							
1	were going to be at boys and girls club to clean tomorrow at 10am. they told us to bring boots and gloves. all are welcome.	1							
1	"last hectic day in office b4 3 weeks in asia. 1st to ifeat in singapore. then taiwan, hk, china.then 3 wks of jet lag!gets to me every time!"	0							
1	david letterman had an interesting show on monday. he is located in new york city. because of the hurricane he...	1							
1	anonymous asked: just realized while watchin fri-end that the youtube account that uploaded the video is...	0							
1	"november: my birthday month, election day, a weekend in san fran with  naples for thanksgiving, lots of friends & family. yes."	1							
1	"yes, i got an email reminder from nikon about this saturday event. if no go back, then we will join the photo exhibition launch."	0							
1	i've been on tv a few times now. still waiting for the call from itv about dancing on ice though. starting to think i may be too famous.	-1							
1	"slap shot: nash, back from injury, skates for davos: rick nash of the new york rangers returned to action in switzerland on tuesday."	0							
1	\eleanor was just a fan when she met louis\ it's funny bc she probaly wasnt a fan like she may have known who they were but she wasn't a fan	0							
1	"nikon prostaff, can't wait to get it on and shoot tomorrow!"	1							
1	"i hope they make sure to take care of eli manning, giants vs pittsburgh on sunday #nfl"	1							
1	they canceled the frankie date that was supposed to be tomorrow.  so now everyone is going to the rescheduled show in south bend.	-1							
1	"i've got 2 tickets to see leonard cohen in rosemont, il on november 23 that i can't use. anyone interested? face value is about $300."	0							
1	also mancs going on about it was there youth/2nd team last night?thought they put out a decent side seeing they have afc on sat	0							
1	come on romney i may not be able to vote from britain but i completley support you !!! good luck !	1							
1	wwe #raw should be interesting next week. the road dogg returned to wwe at the royal rumble and shawn michaels is going to be on raw monday	1							
1	"i'm far too stressed about finishing this essay for tomorrow, so i shall minimise it and play temple run. #problemsolved"	0							
1	"did all my homework that's due in for later this week instead of the homework that's due for monday and tuesday, twat"	-1							
1	saturday night live jeopardy skits with will ferrell >	0							
1	\kendrick perkins led the league for the 4th year in a row in spm (scowls per minute)\ literally laughed out loud	1							
1	"my #mufc xi for super sunday: de gea, rafa, rio, evans, evra, clevz, nani, young, roo, chicha, rvp. what about you?"	0							
1	eli manning best 4th quarter qb in the game!	1							
1	"i don't want a love like jonny and june, i want a love like blake and miranda."	0							
1	"lin picks up a loose ball and just trucks stuckey. unfortunately, that's not allowed, to bench with 4th foul as pistons reclaim lead, 67-65."	-1							
1	"not sure what im going to be for halloween yet. sun shine is just too obvious, larry bird is the front runner as of right now."	-1							
1	"if cundiff would've made the field goal sunday, i could've been eatin' a free 6in sub at subway for lunch!"	0							
1	me personally don't see grammy playing afl again still 28 but i think he'll turn to something else now. best of luck with what may be next.	1							
1	i feel do bad.. my boo asia bday event maybe cancelled for this sunday!... i was soooo looking forward to it	-1							
1	"dirty jim had to close that one out. if not, he may have started hearing comparisons to cundiff in this town."	0							
1	"after the mid tennessee vs. western kentucky game, i hear they're gonna play the 2nd annual ogalla, nebraska snail chuckin' pageant."	0							
1	we're sophia grace and rosie! can't wait to see you on ellen tomorrow! xxx	1							
1	"i'm going to bullet for my valentine at o2 academy glasgow in glasgow, united kingdom - mar 13"	0							
1	"it's friday and the soul train is firmly parked in pri for the soul show on the radio, c'mon perth get your requests in for the next hour :)"	0							
1	people & power travels to egypt to see how the april 6th activists have been faring since mohamed morsi's election.	0							
1	"next tuesday is d2's chocolate day! with halloween right around the corner, this is sure to curb your candy craving:"	0							
1	"shit, yeah, it's thursday, russell howards good news and celebrity juice is on"	1							
1	pretty good thursday night with  if only rivers would stop sucking so bad! # @ qualcomm stadium	1							
1	"\my heart is gold, my twat is glass, c'mon baby can't ya see?\ yes..a glass twat..better known as a \womb with a view\ ;d lol!"	1							
1	i'm so good at gambling. i just owned las vegas. leaving tomorrow morning for a weekend of dog sitting and homework. not a bad week.	1							
1	who's on google+? we want you to participate in a live google+ hangout with animalsense next wed 10/24 at...	0							
1	"i can not change yesterday. i can only make the most to day, and look with hope toward tomorrow. (anonymous)"	-1							
1	had a wonderful workshop on thursday at sag office with carol nadell of selective casting. she is such a...	1							
1	"2nd the ryan budget was from many years ago, most recent didn't include that and mitt's said many times he's the president and.."	0							
1	why does everyone want to give eli manning credit for every win. the truth is sunday's game should have been a blowout.	0							
1	charles dickens may just have been me in another life. #thisisme	0							
1	going to buffalo wild wings tomorrow with my life long friend israel and my brother.. that's what i call a good night. #knicksnation	1							
1	7:15pm tomorrow night i have a date with denzel! #flight i can't wait!	1							
1	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company&#039;s erro...	1							
1	new die hard movie coming out feb 14.. looks like bruce willis is going to be my valentines date:o)	1							
1	"i liked a  video  anonymous - remember, remember the 5th of november"	1							
1	"hello man in pointy, multicoloured, snake skin cowboy boots, a suit and axl rose's hair, you've made my friday heart even happier."	1							
1	real america will stand up for itself on tuesday and make it count. mitt is ready to lead us out of our jimmy carter funk we're in	0							
1	dana asked when chael started his job with fox and chael response was oct 1st on fuel tv	0							
1	"hmm, i think i am living the movie ground hog day, grandma jan and isaac are back again this weekend"	0							
1	me; 'ill bring your birthday card in on friday' kane; 'aw really? it's the thought that counts i'd prefer a tv' twat	1							
1	nfl news: new york giants: game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season  #football #nfl #nfceast	0							
1	gotta go see flight tomorrow denzel is the greatest actor ever	1							
1	"damn, i just got cougar town cupcakes and was going to bring them tomorrow to share. i *shouldn't* eat all 12 alone..."	-1							
1	romo mentioned that he was from brawley. and he'll be at the bell game tomorrow :)	0							
1	anonymous asked: beard tweetd that intense message at m on tuesday abit after the halloween partys and she...	0							
1	#ladsontour mon the boys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! theres only 1 thing missin #banjoooooooooooooooooo how nooooooooo	0							
1	##$$## black friday deals olympus om-d e-m5 16mp live mos interchangeable lens camera with 3.0-inch tilting oled tou...	0							
1	kobe in the 4th is like eli manning. #beware	-1							
1	"also, this is about to be the best night of my life. joe pa vs.  . somebody may die hahaha"	1							
1	wednesday and thursdays will be a struggle at work once the champions league resumes *gmt +1*	0							
1	also need to be at least accredated in act or rebt before the end of 4th yr.	0							
1	"axl rose through the bose in my rolls, through the concrete u see a rose still rose, counted up a million dollars fore that sun rose"	0							
1	"if one more commentator references how \smart\ the dook players are, i may just turn this mess off. #overratededucation #dook"	-1							
1	"played dishonored (360), darksiders 2 (360) and mass effect 3 (360) in the last 24 hours."	0							
1	scariest man alive. kendrick perkins is close 2nd \ ray lewis is probably the only human being ever not born with an indoor voice	-1							
1	amazon has opened an online store for black friday 22 days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place.   haha this is war!	-1							
1	"just whip it baby, whip it all night (welcome to soul train fandom; may you never leave)"	1							
1	chargers may go 8-8 but that will make playoffs in afc... nfc teams must win 10 games! fact!	0							
1	"late halloween party next saturday & going as thriller michael jackson, is it to controversial to hold a baby doll too?"	0							
1	been sat in my room sticking down postcards of tehran on the wall for god knows how long. why has nobody invented a teleporting machine yet?	-1							
1	lol i'll be able to do it saturday.. or friday night after the greek show	1							
1	"hellyeaa ahaha, one of the 1st streets on niggas !"	1							
1	hahahaha spanish people and nadal's box all smiling after the break in the 5th set hahahahahaha #rewatchingaofinal	1							
1	sick beard: download finished: 3rd rock from the sun - 5x11 - dick puts the 'id' in cupid	0							
1	sundays in the sag is like a friday in idaho.....boring as fuck!	-1							
1	"he'll be the eli manning of the nba,they r both 2 of the best 4th quarter players in their sports #closer #killerinstinct #splapa"	1							
1	on monday i go back to my old job for the fourth time. my life is the groundhog day movie.	0							
1	if the steelers play as good as they did sunday i say keep the bee uniforms on all the way to the superbowl #steelers	1							
1	"harry redknapp is being heavily linked with the position as blackburn manager today. however, qpr may have begun courting him already..."	0							
1	"i don't think they can hold it for the rest of the season, they're bye week may just throw them off, dun'kno 'bout the ravens."	-1							
1	yo i'm excited for royal rumble might book that monday off work so i can watch it	1							
1	procrastinating. i need to get ready for the 6th district chicago police rally against violence. chi-town cheer will be performing. king dr.	1							
1	\will you have lunch with me tomorrow night?\-random hoe that's hitting on castle \nooooooooo\-beckett	-1							
1	happy 20th birthday nick j! hope it's one of the best! you've accomplished so much already... and so much more to come. love you!	1							
1	"#factsaboutme when i was born. on that day , it was the 2nd day of chinese new year. immediately , i gotten lots of redpacket :d"	1							
1	work almost over with then these negros won't see my face till monday night!	-1							
1	i'll be doing the senior bowl fun run with my niece next saturday	1							
1	monta ellis / ellis had just two points on 1-of-11 shooting on friday against  #nba	0							
1	if any baltimore team mascots come up missing 1st person of interest should be billy cundiff! or the redskins mascot is taken blame him!	0							
1	i want to go to chapel hill tomorrow for halloween!	0							
1	"no youth tomorrow. come to fall festival. also, this sunday high school will attend main service with the adults for super sunday!"	0							
1	i hope i can get a ticket to the #1d concert in belgium!!!you can't order them till saturday!pfff...:s	1							
1	"tech news: apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of it..."	0							
1	low-fat oasis - edmonton sun: low-fat oasisedmonton sunpoor noel gallagher -- up there all alone with his new ba...	0							
1	3rd and goal at the 1 and rivers throws a int. terrible pass by rivers . bad decisions cost u games. geez half time sd 10-3	-1							
1	"egypt's morsi gets red carpet welcome in iran: tehran, aug 29: egypt's mohamed morsi is in iran for the first visit..."	1							
1	i need a shower and to start getting ready but i'm just sat in bed blogging and watching celebrity juice	0							
1	"we have melbourne cup, woop thats a fab horse racing day & we have christmas, easter, good friday, australia day, idk heaps haha"	1							
1	is on the radio instead. mt  it's the first week without any waterloo road. going to be a boring thursday.	-1							
1	"lmao, from a garage in boro. my mate went in for drink on sunday night but they wouldn't serve him because it was too late, so"	-1							
1	"ground hog day is such a good film, sunday is for food and films #sunday"	1							
1	"if seattle and portland were knit together and covered by the california sun, you'd have san fran. kinda love it."	1							
1	estou ouvindo brown eyes live @ friday show with jonathan ross - lady gaga  via	0							
1	niggas was really fighting at the gas station  sat night tho	-1							
1	what about holland?! 'countdown to ufc 153: silva vs. bonnar' debuts tuesday on fuel tv	0							
1	hmmm... it occurs to me that i haven't received a residual check in nearly a year now. i think i should email sag tomorrow.	-1							
1	buenos aires--argentina late wednesday approved a law to lower the legal voting age to 16 in a move that could s ...	0							
1	only if they lose the nfc championship like last season.. fucking overtime. we get to redeem ourselves tomorrow though :)	-1							
1	apple's increasing \skeumorphism\ - the wood and leather effects - tim cook canned scott forstall  no more dodgy effects	1							
1	#.:aubig black leather camera case bag pouch case with strap for olympus om-d omd em5 e-m5 cyber monday deals	0							
1	next wednesday going to the disney one. no chance avril will go to the universal night #wimp	-1							
1	"man, i am going to change my vote based on axl rose's opinion said no one ever.  politico: c'mon man"	0							
1	thursday's just won't be the same without waterloo road	-1							
1	bullet for my valentine next year?  do you still want to go see them? presale starts tomorrow morning!	0							
1	"i hope all your loved ones back in maryland are okay! i didn't see you, wednesday. :)"	1							
1	yay bruno mars is coming out with a new album on december 11th.(; i must have it!!	1							
1	"i'm like.. why the fuck \happy valentines day\ is trending on the 12th of june? but anyways, i just knew that it is celebrated in brasil. xx"	1							
1	dublin this saturday... gotta get on the guinness!!	0							
1	lady boner from channing tatum in the vow right now and the fact that i get mcdonald's breakfast tomorrow with  #winning	1							
1	being addicted to temple run may be the worst thing that's happened to me haha.	-1							
1	"on thursday, as britney spears, jennifer hudson, halle berry and others paid tribute to the singer at the nokia theatre in los angeles."	0							
1	"#endofwatch with  ,six flags in the am,then ufc on fuel tv,waffle house late at night w/ z, church&ultimate on sunday, #heckyeah"	0							
1	"is gonna be in louisville, kentucky tomorrow & i can't go to the show. i guess i'll just sit and listen to his music & pretend"	-1							
1	"#loanwatch: ben amos (hull city) into extra time 1-1, in the 1st round of the league cup."	0							
1	wish my grammy was here with me to celebrate my birthday on sunday #missyou	1							
1	michael jackson bad 25 will air november 22 on abc. make sure you watch it! :)	0							
1	forget about dook now we own that series anyways!  let's \beat state\ this saturday as we continue on to a succesful season.	1							
1	fifa is weird sometimes: you may remember the fifa 12 video where andy carroll starting trying to hump iker casi...	0							
1	you're saying perseverance in all instances. that doesn't mean #occupyauc is equivalent to 25 jan revolution. see the diff?	-1							
1	"i got the dream high 2 soundtrack and the f(x) album, then i'll be collecting the sfs album tomorrow :) they ran out of sherlock!"	1							
1	theo vs evra on saturday. wenger make this happen.	1							
1	"long drive too kentucky tomorrow hopefully gonna get the big buck we caught on cam, at least we got  playing in the chevy! <3"	1							
1	looking forward to seeing the illegal eagles at dorking tomorrow night with lin & amigo. best eagles tribute band around. #illegaleagles	1							
1	happy valentine's day my love.. november is coming <3	1							
1	anonymous asked: would we have a chance at seeing you for topless tuesday?	0							
1	"pakistan approves liberalised visa accord with india - islamabad, nov 1 (ians) pakistan has approved a liberalised v..."	1							
1	fabio capello (russia's head-coach) wishes cristiano's injury was more serious. (russia will play against portugal tomorrow in the wcq)	-1							
1	"hey nevada tweeps remember tomorrow is the last day for early voting!  ready, set & vote! #justdoit!"	0							
1	"i'll be in poland but back sunday eve, catch you then!"	0							
1	"observers from un, eu, cw, send to coni , according to this observers what the maldivian have seen live and on tvs on 7 feb are day dream,"	0							
1	"fuck halloween. fuck thanksgiving. fuck my birthday. fuck christmas, the new year, valentines, st. patrick's, april fools. fuck all of that."	-1							
1	"my mother just said \what's gucci mah nigguh!\ to me, i think she may have been listening to \niggas in paris\, should i be worried?"	0							
1	going to the grammys first entertainment law breakfast here in nyc tomorrow! i'm so excited. one step closer...	1							
1	"good morning becky. hope all's well, may you all have a good day"	1							
1	amazon has opened an online store for black friday 22 days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place.	0							
1	"i may have done a dumb thing, but it's out there now. my new, long term goal: the challenge"	0							
1	i think i may be the only person around not excited that beyonce is the half time performer for the superbowl.	-1							
1	chicago: go see   #lovesgotaholdonme #sat october 27th 7p at the #haroldwashingonculcntr 47th & king dr.	0							
1	happy thursday! enjoyed the show so much last night watched 4x. #thankyoutimeshifting!! have a great day my greek!	1							
1	a three-month-old boy was found abandoned at a platform of the chhatrapati shivaji terminus (cst) on saturday night.	0							
1	"highlight of monday was chucking a mattress down the stairs which hit eleanor around the face, causing her to fall down the stairs"	0							
1	the fact that i have no plans tomorrow night & it's my last night in fl for a min <<<<<<	-1							
1	"wow busy! just saw the promo on tbs for cougar town in jan. you are absolutely a vision, an angel in white! beautiful!!!!!!!"	1							
1	boogie song of the day...oh ricky martin: que mas da happy sunday 2 everyone recovering from halloween party hangovers	0							
1	loved the hair style from friday's jason wu #nyfw show? we're giving you the step-by-step to recreate the look	1							
1	sad to say #knutsfordlitfest nearly at an end. fantastic event last night with michael portillo. last event tomorrow with charles dickens.	0							
1	glad you do. i think he may even be the next spurs player to leave for a really big club. before bale possibly.	1							
1	yeah your game against the ravens was a thursday night game. im sure you will pull for the giants these next 2 games	0							
1	just landed in las vegas!!! so excited to start canvassing for obama tomorrow with  and  :) #getoutthevote	1							
1	"i remember when i was at cadet camp once(aye,wat u sayin) and we were watching a video and kasabian came on and i just sat singing"	0							
1	"1st its like imma play headlock, and then safe and sound, and now you gonna play all star. hmmmm"	0							
1	okay it's late... going off :) will send jennette tomorrow more names :) good night :)	1							
1	"#redskins defenders stephen bowen, barry cofield and rob jackson swarm manning on 1st down! cofield and jackson credited with sack! #httr"	0							
1	close early on thanksgiving eve. decorate like the dickens. thanksgiving day off! boom. store all christmas for friday.	0							
1	dad: what are you going to do in athens tomorrow? me: nothing. dad: oh. ok. have fun.  i like my father.	1							
1	don't be surprised if we end up waiting until november 16th to find out who the next potus is... #ohioprovisionalballot	-1							
1	rugby tonight and it's like freezing omg i may die	-1							
1	no wonder  coming here the 21st of nov cause he got soul train the 25th	0							
1	i hope the plane home tomorrow has cougar town and friends on the tvs. that's how i spent most of the time flying here xd	0							
1	you going to rugby practice on sunday #somethingisayalot	0							
1	results live at 10pm on channel 4. if you have 4 music its on there from 9.45. lets get tanked up tomorrow either way!	1							
1	"asia stocks mostly up on us, china data: asian stock markets advanced friday as a batch of upbeat economic data from the u.s. and chi..."	1							
1	"breaking dawn is coming out on the 16th , yayyy"	1							
1	dive deep into the worlds of stefan struve and stipe miocic leading to their fuel tv main event this saturday.	0							
1	i'm pretty sure bill o'brien has gone for it on 4th down more in one season than paterno did his entire career.	0							
1	"got my tix to victory rally w/ mitt, ann & the gop team at fiddler's green on saturday. should be a monster hoot."	0							
1	the painting project continues today and is to be completed on nov 10 and 17. please join coni in partnering to give back to the community.	0							
1	celebrate the chinese new year in #shanghai (around february) and see a dragon dance during the spring festival! amazing experience!	1							
1	disappointing to see the uk govt issueing reassuring messages to tehran  maybe they were influenced by  :)	-1							
1	if anyone wants to go to the duke game saturday with the kershaw county clemson club please inbox me!	0							
1	heavy rain over parts of ne. some showers in cny. any sun? how about the weekend? your forecast first at 4am on nbc-3!	0							
1	##$$## black friday deals olympus om-d e-m5 digital camera - black - with olympus 12-50mm f/3.5-5.6 ez zoom lens - b...	0							
1	you beat them 5-1 in the san siro but terry henrys 3rd goal is world class. #nevermindpires!	1							
1	niggas is goin die on december 26th when them foams come out .. lol rs .. niggas goin rob you & be like \da shoes or ya life nigga\ lol	-1							
1	more footage from the studio where bullet for my valentine just finished up recording their upcoming 4th album....	0							
1	just bought my 1st heineken beer in las vegas.  ps i've lived here for 5 yrs ~what took me so long!	-1							
1	"20 june 2012, out european tour party drove the fabulous road from davos to stelvio. this is the last little bit..."	0							
1	join us this thursday for the introduction to our dramatic reading of charles dickens's a christmas carol. 11/1 6-7pm.	0							
1	"can't wait for the new series, starts on sunday over here in britain, #redjohn"	1							
1	saw this an it made me think of cougar town... can't wait for january!!!	1							
1	published a new blog entry november 18 - \otherwise known as sheila the great\ in art in the county.	1							
1	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations	1							
1	northern lights sale on thursday; great pedigrees all the way through the catalogue! genomics the full packages! view catalogue online!	1							
1	billy cundiff may be leaving washington.  hopefully he won't miss the door on the way out.	1							
1	"i think bowen and cofield will be better in 2nd yr, and hope jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason, but those are unhatched eggs"	1							
1	just added a google+ hangout to the schedule--see you on november 21?! details here:	0							
1	\ i want tang jun for christmas.\ i want him on valentines as well!!!	1							
1	i'm amazed you keep coming up with new names for the league. may want to consider formatting phil's gotw though.	0							
1	we're playing with jim white on tuesday! static on the radio por favor?  via    #dcshows	0							
1	happy valentines day( from the rangers ):  via  - i used to watch this video all the time when they 1st made it.	1							
1	"tomorrow gonna be hell yall. though, i am going to the golden modes in chapel hill!"	0							
1	uh football boys... win tomorrow so we can run it in becky's face that she wasn't there.	1							
1	i just voted for 1st lady to be on coast 2 coast mixtape 224 hosted by kendrick lamar!	0							
1	news release 09 october 2012  customers of the negros sub-grid experienced a partial outage today at 5:45pm (cont)	-1							
1	look #steelers fans i know you may be upset about suisham missing that kick. just know that i heard a guy named billy cundiff is available.	0							
1	"oh, and for those still fellating harry redknapp, we went out in the 3rd round against stoke last season. remember that?"	0							
1	"think more like sam gagner for hammer, more. 2nd line center, played with kane. perfect..now let's make it happen"	1							
1	"i do worry about the mentality of the average tweeter when i see jeremy kyle, and \christmas\ trending on november 1st..."	-1							
1	#halloween good .. and who is the 3rd? valentine's day? or ?	1							
1	"a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband, but may only do so with her bare hands. (hong kong)"	-1							
1	i think they need to line you up as an eligible receiver like jacksonville did against you guys sunday. thoughts?	0							
1	"russell howard, then cuckoo, then celebrity juice, then family guy, thursday night is the best night for comedy"	1							
1	a round-up of friday's world cup qualifiers as fabio capello's russia beat portugal and sweden edge past the faroes	0							
1	so? they put tebow in the top 100 and a fucking fullback in the top 100.  btw ray lewis was 3rd on the overrated thing. yup...	-1							
1	ricky martin may be gay but he's sexy af' !!!!!!!! :d	1							
1	"hey  members, did you miss your shot at leonard cohen tix this morning on   will have more for you on sunday!"	1							
1	uhmmm are you sure ? cuz groundhog day isn't til like february or march lol	0							
1	"the ambition of nadal, the knees of ena sharples and the liver of george best. my recipe for saturday tennis. #5-7 5-7"	0							
1	gonna ride the love train tomorrow..dig it ...soul train...ojays. .bad ass...do it...	1							
1	"i wish i was out md i wanna bear on negros shit is fun , going out sunday to ross snighter sunday finna pop off on twl"	1							
1	"nick diaz said he would \fight gsp tomorrow if the ufc asked\. except, you know, they wouldn't... because you're suspended..."	-1							
1	"first tweet ever, loving san diego! busy day like always and ready for  on fuel tv tomorrow."	1							
1	we're thinking of running on the australia day weekend in january.  is this a good or bad idea?	0							
1	looks gorgeous! i'm going to try it out tomorrow. do you have a base colour or just two coats of northern lights in the picture?	1							
1	new music: bruno mars- young girls:  if you watched bruno mars on saturday night live then you may have caught h...	0							
1	<--- new icon. i may just be changing icons a lot as long as jennette uploads pics cause she is just too beautiful	1							
1	that's up to phil. he's a big fan and may want to keep the copy all for himself.	0							
1	i think the last timw i went trick or treating was probably in the 5th grade. i dress up as avril lavigne! i was obsessed with her back then	0							
1	dr. mohammed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution....	1							
1	aston villa midfielder karim el ahmadi will miss saturday's trip to sunderland through suspension following his fifth booking of the season.	0							
1	only you can answer before i try! there's on wp8 a way to call 3rd p. apps? like intents on android. i wanna switch to wp!	1							
1	protest against the mitch daniels purdue presidential nomination tomorrow @ loeb theater 2:30 pm. bring a friend! #soapurdue	-1							
1	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to #egypt!	1							
1	the vow makes me upset every time i watch it. so why do i continue to watch it? the world may never know..	-1							
1	mainland police repatriate wanted fugitives to taiwan: police on the chinese mainland on thursday repatriated 10...	0							
1	this thursday night football game sucks. but go chiefs! i just want to see hot head rivers explode on the sideline tonight.	-1							
1	feels like super bowl sunday waiting for the big tnf game tonight! what's everyone doing for kc v sd?!? #cantcontainexcitement	1							
1	#saphila +1500 people in the superbowl at sun city to \discover\ how to help \africa run like never before\	0							
1	nebraska placed a nation-leading nine players on the first-ever senior bowl watch list released saturday...	1							
1	in london for boro match saturday... let me know what night you're out... friday may suit me better like if optional	1							
1	"playing  all day to prep for tomorrow's concert at fort canning. go, baby, go go!"	1							
1	man me and  are gonna double date tomorrow with rafa and kim me and her and them two together ;)	0							
1	"#favouritemoviequotes  \after all, tomorrow is another day!\ bill murray, groundhog day"	0							
1	& if the potus wins 2nd term isn't that nj gov gonna go back to bashing him when his state is in better shape (2/2)	1							
1	"...those who killed sadat are the reasons why egyptians struggled in the past, and may face uncertain future .."	-1							
1	watching kentucky all access makes me want it to be monday	0							
1	"watching my favourite  behind the scenes (for the 4th time) when jennifer hudson goes awol. 'excuse me, what the hell is going on?!'"	-1							
1	no because asia told me it was the 14th and now its to late .	0							
1	fabio capello: \from what i've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow\.	1							
1	when \columbus\ shoots bill murray in zombieland it may be one of the funniest things ever.	0							
1	photo: fab find! jason wu satin scarlet clutch at off 5th! whoop whoop! (taken with instagram)	1							
1	time for james harden (34 points) to step aside and let jeremy lin takeover the 4th #linsanity #sarcasm	-1							
1	poland criticize the 18th amendment. the new frame has been opened. none of the topic was on that earlier. #uprlka	0							
1	"well-said! rt \ dook football, even the sun shines on a dog's a$$ some days. #unc\"	0							
1	i remember 1st seeing veldheer @ the senior bowl thinking this kid can ball. fortunately we got him	1							
1	\success saturday\- having a great time at the 4th annual girlfriend group celebration!  wood  cofield  maddox	1							
1	"if  holds the wwe title until the royal rumble, he will have held the title for 434 days. making him the 6th longest reign..."	0							
1	"sag for life: stacey, april, gabriel irieapril #mrandmrscheek happy wedding day gabe! @ north star ballroom"	1							
1	victor cruz said tuesday that his agent and the  have \agreed on the structure\ of a new contract.	0							
1	"the best thing about walking dead returning is it means spartacus will be back soon too! (dammit, starz site says january)"	1							
1	"thanks to jesus, cvs, my mom & my mary...i was able to kick this flu in 1 week! now to make it w/out my maryjane until monday! #struggles"	1							
1	tip to apple ceo: u may want to stop outsourcing your mapping apps to china. while ur @ it how bout bring all those manufacturing jobs back.	0							
1	"ahah he's a year older then me, the cool thin is that he's born on australia day and i'm born on the 4th of july i think"	1							
1	just saw jennifer hudson on 26th street she looks great!! super skinny	1							
1	"#longharryimagine #imagine it's a friday night and you find yourself watching the notebook, again. you just (cont)"	0							
1	nfl commissioner roger goodell says he may cancel the pro bowl:  would you care if there was no pro bowl?	-1							
1	join phil on november 8 at the better software east conference in orlando where he'll be speaking on how to...	0							
1	"pacino to play paterno in bio film coming out soon. this will mark pacino's 2nd film with the phrase, \say hello to my little friend.\"	0							
1	"i swear if tomorrow any niner fans start tweeting about kyle williams tomorrow, best believe i'm gonna put you on check."	-1							
1	recap. i saw bad 25 on tuesday. the spike lee documentary on michael jackson. it was beyond amazing. && it was only showing for 6 days.	1							
1	yes these are the submissions to be considered by grammys. in december they announce the actual nominees.	0							
1	got #revenge on the mind? niners host giants in nfc championship rematch tomorrow! score last minute tix here:	0							
1	"harry styles rocking lyle and scott. he may only be 10...but be honest, you wish you had his life.."	1							
1	my thursday nights aren't the same with waterloo road to look forward to...	0							
1	good luck to  tomorrow at the #freakshow in las vegas !! get after it man. you're going to smash on fools! :)	1							
1	"february 13th, the day before and best buddy to valentines day, desperation day"	1							
1	"tickets for the france, belgium, netherlands, germany, denmark, norway, and sweden tmh tour go on sale tomorrow! good luck! :) via"	1							
1	we're experiencing some issues with fuel tv (ch 39). should be back up friday or monday.	-1							
1	"blog post: vice president joe biden to present the top ten list on cbs's \late show with david letterman,\ thursday,..."	0							
1	sushis + rafa on the tv = best way to end this sunday. #vamos :-)	1							
1	kpop: will psy be the first korean to win a grammy?: psy may qualify for the upcoming grammy awards. gangnam sty...	1							
1	"sticks and stones may break my bones, but rugby does it better!"	1							
1	"is it evil to laugh when a 3rd grader reads a short story, and at least five times, mistakes the name \becky\ for \blocky?\ #stickingtoit"	-1							
1	that's like blaming rafa for the season we finished 7th while ignoring the negative impact of cecil and h&g!	-1							
1	blake griffin poster dunk over kendrick perkins (6ft.10) in hd (jan. 30)  that's why you roll after a pick.	0							
1	"i'm with you on mass effect 3. thats goty for me so far. still waiting on my other two, but one may be persona 4 arena."	1							
1	hello! 're very great hope that soon may come to argentina.xx really admire you. if you can follow me!-	1							
1	interview on vow fm tomorrow morning... do tune in and hear the kid out!!! cc	0							
1	rumor: #blackhawks may have traded niklas hjalmarsson to the #oilers for sam gagner. stay tuned.	0							
1	visit to #iran by five euro mps was called off sat after tehran refused to let them meet with a jailed activist	-1							
1	#linsanity\ jeremy lin was a +23 for rockets in his debut. that's the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career.\	1							
1	analysis: daniels made the right court pick: gov. mitch daniels said friday he appointed tippecanoe county superior...	0							
1	my husband company is bring you all some much needed gas!!! he should be there sometime tomorrow afternoon from fl.	1							
1	\taylor swift waved at a boy yesterday and he didn't wave back... so she will have a new album out tomorrow\ accurate lmfao	0							
1	all i'm saying is we're playing 4 june not nov/dec. getting the kinks out now cuz come june well be there mini lin	0							
1	if your in indianapolis tomorrow swing by the macy's at castelton mall from  5:30-7:30. i'll be there signing autographs and pictures!	1							
1	the anaheim ducks are interested in sam gagner of the edmonton oilers. could be part of a trade for the ducks 1st round pick	0							
1	cannot wait to see  with my boys  and  next friday in athens!	1							
1	"lets be real even wit are d injured, flacco fuckin up, doin bad on the road, & are d playin like shit we still 2nd best team in afc #ravens"	0							
1	"yay~ payday today, and i'll be in austin tomorrow nite to see leonard cohen!!! i gotsa four~day weekend on my hands!! happy fukn halloween!!"	1							
1	long princeton (and diggy)  #imagine : happy valentine's day (yn)...      february 14  it's been 9 m  via	1							
1	just sat in on bruno mars interviews	0							
1	hey daryl! great connecting at anti #fracking colorado. excited to have you in next issue. deadline is nov 15th.	1							
1	i am happy to be single but i would love to receive a valentines card on the 14th. it has to be from someone amazing-  for eg!	1							
1	morning with homeless men evening with charles dickens's great great granddaughter standard day with 1st yrs at bucksadschool	0							
1	"did you get a full, part-time job or internship offer? let us know! signing day tomorrow in lbjsc amphitheater-tell where you will work!"	0							
1	niggas was really on some 10th grade shit tonight	-1							
1	nigga i'm stoned i just got back from a blunt ride thur boxford nd georgetown	0							
1	it's like groundhog day. 2nd day here. (@ chirping chicken)	0							
1	toi israel admits 1988 killing of arafat's deputy: israel for the first time on thursday admitted responsibility...	-1							
1	"remember everyone out there: all you members of anonymous, you rebels, you supporters of the gunpowder plot: wear your mask november 5th."	0							
1	thanks to everyone who came out friday night to see us with threat signal at dickens! awesome night!!!	1							
1	cool this is cool i managed to get the cts sun in the pic and black stars for avril now for lawson	1							
1	"get  on february for valentine's day, the suave fuckers"	-1							
1	"out with the old, in with the new, shown good discipline in the 1st 4 rounds tonight frankie, kept a cool head! #andthenew"	1							
1	"working the celebrity power106 game saturday at calstate la $12 at the door. gonna be with kendrick lamar, rick ross, clyde carson, ect."	0							
1	"can't believe  is only 2 days older than me! can't wait to see him again tomorrow with  at fort canning, singapore!!"	1							
1	we're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow (nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at...	1							
1	new #sexy comment about: theeuropeandream is available in indianapolis: friday-sunday!	1							
1	"#steelernation send our boys 2 the 2013 nfl pro bowl.  via  ur vote actually counts, unlike the nov 6th election."	0							
1	"bruce willis, bill murray and ed norton all in the same film. i may faint."	1							
1	i've seen every denzel washington movie and flight has  in it too ! i miss that kid ! but i'm in that theatre tomorrow !	1							
1	love is like michael jackson's 8th nose .. you'll never understand it	0							
1	"sat next to a black guy on a train, when niggas in paris came on... had to turn it up !"	0							
1	"lucky shops are coming to nyc!: the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson, starts november 1..."	1							
1	"come out and join us for the sia trek or treat, october 27th!  it's a fundraiser for the safe house!"	0							
1	"day 1 = something starting with a c, channing tatum. #november #challenge #photoaday #sexy #damn"	0							
1	this evening will be the first time i get to hit someone in almost 3 weeks. and friday i get to hit georgetown. the hammer falls friday	0							
1	i still have a lot of candy left anyone want tomorrow :')	1							
1	"nine pin bird rock race (2nd race in the duke of marlborough hotel series) postponed 24 hours to sunday 4 november, still 10 am start."	0							
1	"buffalo bills' kyle williams misses practice thursday: for a second straight day, buffalo bills...  #bills #nfl"	-1							
1	hey i wanna see flight tomorrow with denzel ol fine self.	1							
1	i go on channel 7 to see what the weather is gonna be like tomorrow and   taylor swift singing.. #eewww #getoffmytv	-1							
1	"miss those days , when all the relatives would just gather at 7th uncle house and celebrate chinese new year , i guess it'll not happen agn"	-1							
1	"hey guys tomorrow is now national ground hog day, i hope to see you all post about it!!   hahahaha"	1							
1	on the tv it said nikon was closed tomorrow ten it disappeared....but did we have english hw?	0							
1	"was playing temple run earlier, was thinkin of you and i in 6th year xo"	0							
1	what up cm punk keep up the great work i love watching u every monday night i hope can kick rock ass at the royal rumble	1							
1	how to know a shit bar!.. you get your arm stamped! if u wake up tomorrow with prints on your arm your a twat!	-1							
1	"apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco (reuters) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of its s..."	0							
1	"#loanwatch: ben amos is a doubt for tonight's hull city game vs doncaster (2nd round league cup), with a groin problem."	-1							
1	hey you! i'm gonna be in dublin in february. know what i'm saying?	0							
1	cebu's original lechon belly in parkmall joins the bazaar in it park next fri.-nov 9. taste the boneless lechon belly the way it was created	0							
1	"borefest m8. witter slowing it down n turning his back alot, frankie starting to turn it on since the 6th now in the 8th #"	0							
1	i do!! \   do you guys want to go see the new denzel washington movie tomorrow?\	1							
1	congrats!!!!!!! so happy for you :) may all your dreams come true <3 xoxoxox my frankie	1							
1	"good news i bought candy today, bringing some on tues. if it lasts"	1							
1	you won't be getting candy till monday. i am (by my own stupidity) a sick person right meow. .-.	-1							
1	on october 25 2011 i told taylor swift i wouldn't listen to her until she wrote about something else. one year later and here we are still.	-1							
1	"jay paterno, former penn state assistant football coach and son of joe paterno, said sunday night that he was at an event when a..."	0							
1	no jk.. wait when are you available???!!! rafa is pwede on friday and you said friday greenbelt.. am i roight? =))	1							
1	i've only just begun! i miss putting in 10 hour shifts on 3rd floor paterno... not really though.	0							
1	"nadal confirmed for mexican open in february: rafael nadal is set to play at the mexican open in february,...  #tennis"	0							
1	"saw my 1st volkswagen \twat\ today. take a jetta, lose the j, then spell teat, then turn the e sideways to get a w"	0							
1	that means we'll know thursday morning if  won for her 'safe and sound' duet with	0							
1	we will take pictures. mom said we might have to do it friday night as we will be at grammys sat	0							
1	oh and rafa said before the injury he was having the best year he ever had was 1st in the race... :( #m6	-1							
1	anonymous asked you:  you remind me of wednesday adams.	0							
1	of others...jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person...its too late for you...fuckhead	-1							
1	i want jenelle to come over tomorrow. i need someone to watch netflix and eat mac & cheese with..	0							
1	"playing indianapolis this saturday at the white rabbit, with ko and street spirits - gotta go to this one!"	0							
1	"britain may be in for a new bout of flooding in the coming months, the environment agency warns, as 6 oxon waterways remain on flood alert."	0							
1	we've got the sponsor form and box on our desks. i think becky is going to send an email tomorrow.	0							
1	hahaha!! i do look good with a greek child! i'm home tomorrow morning so i'll try skyping you xx	1							
1	good to see flacco showing some fight in the 2nd half. that's about all i can ask for at this point.	1							
1	pretty sure tomorrow is the fifth nation kissing day of the year.	0							
1	halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind new year's eve and super bowl sunday	1							
1	"\i'm not mexican on cinco de mayo, i'm not black in feb & i'm not chinese on the chinese new year so you're not irish on st. patrick's day.\"	0							
1	"cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels: tweet washington, nov 1 (ians) researchers have built the first..."	0							
1	"after reviewing my texts/pictures from thurs-sat, i'm thinking that alcohol is the liquid form of cupid. i fall in love every weekend. #oops"	0							
1	i'll stop loving jennette on the 31st feb. february has only 28 days so it doesn't count. <3	1							
1	"inter, roma keep pace with wins: inter milan kept pace with serie a leaders juventus after seeing off catania 2-0 at the san siro on sunday."	0							
1	"awesome wedding shoot in amsterdam today, excited fot the next one on saturday in a castle in utrecht... previews coming soon...."	1							
1	mitch daniels gave stephen colbert a purdue hat on thursday's show... i hope he burns it in a raging flame of glory	1							
1	now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight it's comming out nov 2nd 2012 #lateshow with david letterman	0							
1	"at 4th-and-3 at the 30-yardline, nick diaz comes in to attempt a field goal. the kick is good, and usu leads 41-7. 12:13 left in the game."	1							
1	dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to #egypt	1							
1	piss easy job analysing on motd2. they just repeat what gary neville says on super sunday.	1							
1	"- chaps , i'm still working on the pix from saturday v blaydon.  should be uploaded later tonight- phil"	0							
1	"going to finish watching the vow tomorrow , its such a cute movie c:"	1							
1	"music picks: r. kelly, leonard cohen, cat power: fri 11/2 grace potter & the nocturnals the wiltern if anyone should..."	0							
1	bad girls club: mexico...is so official now meaning most of the girls going off on each other. i can't wait until monday.  |d	1							
1	just close your eyes the sun is going down you'll be alright no one can hurt you now come morning light you and i'll be safe and sound #np	1							
1	it's republic day in turkey. like 4th july in usa.	0							
1	"it's not fair, dear... #truthbetold will be available in taiwan on 2, nov. it's tomorrow!!"	-1							
1	proper buzzing to watch the vow with  tomorrow;)	1							
1	that's complete crap.  began and sadat were all about peace. bibi wants to use our military for free.  < c'mon	-1							
1	3rd mariah song of the night and nooooooooo. that was so bad. #xfactor	-1							
1	noel gallagher's hfb and kopparberg make for a damn near perfect saturday evening. it could only be 100% perfect if i was at a noel gig.	1							
1	"tomorrow our opportunity to love continues @ the boys & girls club (123 jefferson).  meet us there at 10am, w/ boots and gloves if possible."	1							
1	mt the baltimore sun reporting that the redskins have just cundiff-ed billy cundiff\	0							
1	i'm so excited i'm gonna meet buddy from cake boss at ruth eckerd hall with grammy on jan 12. can't wait !!!!	1							
1	having to read charles dickens for homework may be the greatest thing ever	1							
1	billy cundiff. his missed fg at the end of the 2nd quarter changed the game. he'll never play again	-1							
1	i've never actually sat down and watched the whole movie of the notebook...... because i dont like the movie.	-1							
1	ligue 1: nadal watches as psg go top: paris st germain went to the top of ligue 1 on saturday after a kevin game...	0							
1	nooooooooo just seen the fa cup 3rd round is the day i go skiing #peak	0							
1	well done arsenal .... people 4get we play with our 3rd keeper .. imagine man utd with ben amos in goal loooool	1							
1	"i would be so happy that its a late start tomorrow ... but nooooooooo , i have to go to catch up day because i failed my fcking french test"	-1							
1	pacino might play paterno in the psu movie. it'll be the 2nd movie in his career w/ the phrase \say hello to my little friend.\ #scarfacial	0							
1	lol actually i live in georgia moving to germany in march i miss you tooooooo	1							
1	"oh yes, never a dull moment!!  looking forward to just rafa & bronte tomorrow!  nice to be busy though! hope boys ok!"	1							
1	"i'm not gon believe that victor cruz is the real deal until he lines up outside, no slot, and doesn't disappear like he did sunday"	-1							
1	come watch will ferrell and zach galifanakis duke it out in the campaign this thursday at midnight!	0							
1	may your day be full of joy and happiness! happy birthday nick j :)	1							
1	i just may be the only person who still play temple run	0							
1	should'nt have watched the grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the  sun decides to play hookie is not a good time.	-1							
1	steelers will travel to new york on sunday for giants game: the pittsburgh steelers face the new york giants on ...	0							
1	movie day and some of grammy's hot chocolate tomorrow... #pleaseohplease	1							
1	best get ya tongue ready  i warned you!! no sweets..no kebab eastenders and waterloo road for you tomorrow then! disappointed!!	-1							
1	sat at work and i have the will ferrell boxset with me...might put a film on or have a power nap or sit here doing nothing; that sounds good	1							
1	"niggas boutta be droppin like flies down georgetown tomorrow , you wont catchh me there !"	-1							
1	you going to the bell game tomorrow.?	0							
1	"hackers have already defeated windows 8, and readwrite mobile ranked it 5th in interface design, behind ios and android."	-1							
1	"i wrote this earlier, do you agree that kg may be a less likeable ray lewis?"	0							
1	"to play temple run, to watch himym season 8, orrrrr...to sleep in readiness for tomorrow's morning interview - decisions are hard to make!:("	-1							
1	so i heard my old crush is going to the bell game tomorrow and wanna talk? wtf? :o  #weird	-1							
1	"i'm a nikon guy, but interested in what you have to say tomorrow..."	1							
1	i want to go watch denzel's new movie tomorrow! someone take meeeeeeeeeee.	0							
1	watching the 2nd punisher. wish they'd make another one with quentin tarentino directing and thomas jane as castle	1							
1	downloading different versions of the greek alphabet song to listen to on repeat on a thursday night.. this is my life now..	0							
1	anyone in year 12 or 13 that's gunna see the woman in black needs to give the money to mchale tomorrow! spread the word please!	0							
1	buzzer beater jump shot by parker. on a primetime thursday game...no way that can happen! how great is the nba?!?!	0							
1	guarantee gaga debuts her new single at the grammys in february. not opposed even though its agesssss away.	0							
1	"listen here hot stuff, the only thing to look forward to in january is the ravens run to the superbowl."	1							
1	that movie flight with denzel looks really good! may have to go check it out	1							
1	and then on tuesday & wednesday its champions league match day 4 i think?? or it might be 5..im not sure wooooo hooooo	1							
1	leggo watch breaking dawn on the 17th after the fair! :)	1							
1	milk chocolate day is tomorrow. are you ready to celebrate!?	0							
1	"aboud el zomour, the guy who killed sadat, is now attending the october 6 celebrations at cairo stadium.\ shame!!!!"	-1							
1	shout out to all the girls who will be taking the walk of shame into cvs tomorrow to by a plan b #dressinglikeaslutcomeswithaprice	0							
1	australia day #t20 international to kick-start the ultimate australia day long weekend  sat 26 jan:	0							
1	ugh why everyone going to athens saturday night. go friday!	-1							
1	just did spartacus 2.0 and sauna...imma be sore tomorrow but so worth it	1							
1	twilight zone inning?   ground hog day inning.  may go on 4ever. . . .  just keeping hittin' him #rays!	1							
1	#whenonaplaneyoushould do a temple run game in the 1st class.	0							
1	the storm will be moving inland to cny tomorrow. that's when i'll get worried about my family. living right on oneida lake.	-1							
1	cannot wait to play san fran on sunday. if we can beat them at home for the nfc championship we can beat them now.	1							
1	why every time twitter email me saying we found pple you may know its a bunch of niggas....where they hoes at  ?	0							
1	championship: team news: bellamy in frame for cardiff: all the team news from saturday's championship...  #mogganaut	0							
1	"omg, bullet for my valentine are coming to the netherlands march 21th. i might attend that one too :p"	0							
1	january jones in jason wu: usually i adore january's red carpet looks but this isn't for me. nude with black mesh =meh	-1							
1	was cult viewing from my 6th form days with vic's big night out. channel 4 had all comedy/sport bases covered!	1							
1	"and if you're from maryland, early voting has been extended until tomorrow at 9pm. please go vote!"	0							
1	"and then both teams took dumps in the 2nd round of the big dance, ku flaming out against ucla, mizzou losing to northern iowa."	-1							
1	"c'mon cam and the panthers! u r the missing link in my quinfecta weekend.  hard to do...app win, unc win, state loss, dook loss, panther win"	0							
1	free hugging day?tapos may free kissing day? o.o  kailan na ang malanday?	0							
1	cupid did so much work da 1st time that he don't wanna be my friend no more	-1							
1	i need a nice can because i want to play penny can on saturday. this is a real problem. cougar town just made me love this game. haha.	1							
1	i will not be able to handle harry's voice in kiss you..and i may not survive after hearing all the songs on take me home in their entirety.	-1							
1	"lmao blake asked xtina \are you bringing your grammy awards to the show tomorrow\ and she said \no, there wouldn't be enough room\ lmfao!!!"	0							
1	was ready to tune in and watch my thursday night comedy on channel 4 and then the tv guide tells me \the voice\ is on...dammit.	0							
1	"incredible pass from vick to kyle williams. williams out jumps carr in the end zone, 21-0 in 2nd."	1							
1	jr got selected to the pro bowl team and the season not over yet!!!! one more game saturday than playoffs.	1							
1	damn i don't wanna get on my computer. tomorrow :( my harry feels are out of control and the outtakes video broke me	-1							
1	thursday morning freestyles. im the rap game white larry bird	0							
1	next sunday is penciled. the harveys meet the lawson-mckennas for a royal rumble.	0							
1	congratulations on you celebrating british kid singers sophia grace's and rosie's 1st anniversary of a visit of your show. how	1							
1	fucking part time fans. where were you at boro away on saturday?	-1							
1	"\harry styles is leaving one direction and going to form a two-man band with ed on the 31st of february.\ right, and i'm married to obama"	0							
1	"would you trade calvin, cj and murray for griffin, mccoy and lloyd in a keeper ppr league? also have harvin but 2nd rb lacking"	0							
1	tomorrow... i'm on the air live at 9:05 on wjct radio. then on tv taping for good morning jacksonville at 10:30. #excitingtimes	1							
1	i'm on the last 3 episodes for the 10th time. i still want to bootfuck phil & johnny sac every time they talk.	-1							
1	hey mick!  do you know what time you'll be signing in indianapolis on the 18th?	0							
1	celebrity juice is the highlight of my thursday night.. keith lemmon is hilarious hahaha	1							
1	"haha, i do to :) you should probably also know nov 24th is the kasabian gig, so that date is also taken :p"	1							
1	waiting for the highlight of my thursday night celebrity juice #nolife	1							
1	"pierce the veilrt  miss may irt  lagu demen bullet for my valentine, hbu ??"	0							
1	northern lights sale tomorrow following the wexham cup bull sale; sale of elite female holstein & jerseys! a real treat of a sale! no trick!	1							
1	"ben said bicester was full of chavs, well i'm currently sat with last years cast of jeremy kyle. uh hypocritical much?"	0							
1	bay area heads! i'll be on the piano at yoshi's san fran this sunday playing with the one n only dwight trible -	0							
1	so with bey performing at the superbowl in feb. i'm assuming new material in the coming months before hand then album after grammy's	0							
1	adam levine strikes a pose for photographers outside of the late show with david letterman on thursday (october 25) in new york city	0							
1	"may happen. if he can win wi & ia, or pa, he won't need nh & nv. just needs co, fl & va n addition t safe red states."	0							
1	still writing on christmas and new year.... still. and i'll be writing about valentine's day in december #dafuzz	0							
1	happy valentine's day is trending? ?? but... it's not even february?	-1							
1	"hi, memi! thanks for agreeing to lead at sag!  would you be available for a sun., any sun, in dec rather  than nov 4th?  i just learned  ..."	1							
1	so ready to be done with classes tomorrow and head to chapel hill to support my favorite #wuwbb ladies   &	1							
1	"this sunday, come watch the ravens take on the browns, and help support the baltimore humane society! captain..."	1							
1	oh it was a good cry. she's a blake fan & was so happy taylor didn't win for the 3rd year in a row.	1							
1	"\someone's hitman\ sure you are. you may be a hitman but dude, you just got pwned by cupid cos he hit you real hard, man."	0							
1	we better trend happy 16th birthday nick j. that'll be so confusing for him when he gets on. xd	1							
1	ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january #footballfanatic	0							
1	\even when you've bought your 6th investment home with harry styles and sakina calls niall 'sayang' or 'abang' cause they kahwined\ omf	0							
1	my mom works with the mother of the girl that won homecoming queen at phs last friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email.	1							
1	"how badly i miss andy carroll. knowing that the derby game is tomorrow, he always played very well and scored against blue noses."	1							
1	"tickets for the france, belgium, netherlands, germany, denmark, norway, and sweden tmh tour go on sale tomorrow! good luck! :)"	1							
1	do you mean you come here or me go to you? i can only afford to go out 1 night cause i'm going to amsterdam on monday x	-1							
1	who to the bell game tomorrow though	0							
1	i'm going to georgetown tonight. 2nd annual gtown fest	0							
1	"new live sound webinar tomorrow at 10 pst with paul david hager (goo goo dolls, avril lavigne, devo) - register now at"	0							
1	#tech apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company&#039;...	-1							
1	no problem phil.. oh hey we're all going trick or treating saturday in na and then having an arvo  if you wanna come :)	1							
1	"you should attend  champs this fri/sat/sun: top 12 roller derby teams in the world, we play indianapolis 8pm friday!!!"	1							
1	"someone should come with me to noel fielding on saturday night because noel fielding, basically #please #iwillcry"	0							
1	queen. their music just sounds so complete. as if its been around forever. freddy is the man and brian may's style is so unique.	1							
1	premier league: west ham v man city on saturday. our preview looks at the stats & has some interesting betting tips:	1							
1	"i preordered it on thursday/friday at midnight the night it came able to pre-order, love you and frankie. x"	1							
1	loving the opening debates rap game kathy crowley october 20 - bruno mars	1							
1	go boro!may the force be with you from the 1st second to the last!	1							
1	"congratulations kendall in germany it is 7 clock friday november 2, so happy b-day"	1							
1	"\ guys who have crushes, have little a little penis! \ lmfao the random shit ambrose says in 6th prd !"	1							
1	"my hormones are spiraling out of a control, i am crying over the jeremy kyle show for not the 1st or the 2nd but the 3rd time today #wut"	-1							
1	"if i had the nerve, i'd buy all joe pa cutouts @ middletown campus n go to 2nd n maclay to sneak them in  gov mansion gates..."	0							
1	well you better be dancing on the 25th! :d no but you went cray at niggas in paris. :)) i feel like death.	1							
1	kendrick perkins may have the worst goatee in all of sports.	-1							
1	"nothing is going to change between now and wednesday. if acta has went this long w/o being canned, might as well finish the season w/him."	0							
1	oct 27th // one sports lounge // monta ellis (of the milwaukee bucks) // jre riley // m.b.m. // $500 cash pr rcvkg6rz	0							
1	friday's cnet update is playing one republic : apple ceo says sorry for ios 6 map mess apple ceo tim cook has said he was \extremely sorr	-1							
1	tomorrow is going to be a fun-filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so i can come back to murray in the spring. #stressful	1							
1	sherman hemsley is on \soul train\ trying to dance and sing. he is terrible. i'm cracking up. may he r.i.p.	-1							
1	so proud of  for the huge upset against maryland. time for us to do the same tomorrow night #godeacs	1							
1	rugby is a great winter sport for gaa ladies looking to keep up there fitness. come along friday to kilkenny rfc at 7 to try it out	1							
1	"aw lucky, i was sat on my aunt's couch somewhere in germany at the time watching the livestream and bawling my eyes out omg"	1							
1	i think we all knew it would come to this. we sat through 4 yrs of watching a hatred for the potus build up. and here we are	-1							
1	i just remembered 'niggas in paris' is a song. delighted! what a saturday!  #positivetroll	1							
1	\avril lavigne is having a concert tomorrow night in the park. sonic's opening for her. you wanna come?\	0							
1	mine just went back to nikon for the 4th time- 3 for shutter bounce- came back the other day with a scratched baseplate- fun.	0							
1	an emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness? find out how with  in san fran in dec  pls rt!	1							
1	takbir!! dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt!	1							
1	gop has set the bar very low with a 4th cycle promoting a grossly un-american idea: potus as elected autocrat. #civics101	-1							
1	"in your defense,my love of dickens' original may be regarded unnecessarily high in my eyes because of the history i have with it"	0							
1	tonight!!! (wed)--mike 'slo-mo' brenner solo opening for jim white at tin angel. 8pm. c'mon out!!...	0							
1	dtn kazakhstan: : capello ill tweak lineup for azerbaijan gamecoach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the ...	0							
1	spending my last night in indianapolis with my mom and cousin. headed to idaho tomorrow!	0							
1	well i'm currently on holiday in portugal coming home tomorrow then going to poland on tuesday for a holocaust memorial trip!	0							
1	about to watch the 2nd half of season 2 of breaking bad on my long flight to hong kong #buzzin	0							
1	i may ask my doctor for ambien on election night. i'd rather sleep through it and hope i wake up to footage of mitt crying over his loss.	-1							
1	"cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels: washington, nov 1 (ians) researchers have built the first solar..."	0							
1	fuck looking at art tomorrow i'm going straight to the side of town where i can find chief keef! #ohhyeahh	1							
1	can't wait to hear tomorrows cmag meeting about horny (coni ) report. baages wait & watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! cmag a hope.	-1							
1	it's wednesday!! you know what that means.... new episodes of the challenge: battle of the seasons & american horror story: asylum!!	0							
1	"today was national kissing day, i'll have to make up for the loss tomorrow"	0							
1	"tomorrow is the last day for early voting here in nevada, if you havent already go vote!! dont wait til tues. to do so..."	0							
1	taiwan wins visa free travel to us: six taiwanese tourists arrived in new york on thursday as the first from the...	0							
1	so i thought yesterday was tuesday. i'm thinking today will be a little like the movie ground hog day.	0							
1	#betstylelounge this saturday  will be turnt to the max! come see me and  rock out! 35th and king dr!!	1							
1	man utd v arsenal on sat sees the best defence (afc) in the league (conceded 0.67 p/game) against the best attack (utd) (scored 2.67 p/game)	1							
1	watching sunday's \harry and paul\. good it is too. well-observed and fearsomely dry.	1							
1	"we do not live in ground hog day, we don't live with a victim mentality, today b rough but tomorrow won't be the same #el #leadership"	0							
1	was thinking of harry redknapp for the  job for the past few days now. would be an absolute coup! c'mon shebby!	1							
1	#nowplaying jim white - crash into the sun	0							
1	remember last new years and i sat there for 2 hours watching kasabian live at the o2	0							
1	many rumours floating about that harry redknapp may be interested in the blackburn job? what do you all think?	1							
1	new glory gang music janet at the superbowl  on #soundcloud	0							
1	this bitch  just put frog back on lmfao throw back thursday	-1							
1	\no you may not kick it.\  -tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff	-1							
1	happy valentine's day (to you that may have one)	1							
1	"my body is exhausted. i walked from 79th and jeffery to the lakefront, where i accidentally sat on dead fish, to 55th and king dr. and back."	-1							
1	"info] taetiseo will perform on \love in asia\ tomorrow (11/02) at 02:30pm (kst), kbs will broadcast the concert on 13 november at 07:30pm	0	1	11101011110100, 010101000011, 110100, 11100110010, 010110010110, 111010111100, 1111000010, 11100110110, 1111110010100, 111111101110, 0111111000, 10111111, 10111100, 10111110, 001110111, 1110101111100, 10010, 1111011110111100, 111100110111110, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	game day.. arsenal ladies vs turbine potsdam.. champions league last 16 1st leg.. get down and support the gooners..!! #uwcl #alfc	0							
1	video game trailers - launch trailer: check out the launch trailer for mass effect 3. added: fri oct 26 00:11:11...	0							
1	no joke i got a voicemail yesterday saying \happy valentine's day\ instead of \happy 4th of july\.  wow.  not sure what that is all about.	1							
1	"my mama going to jacksonville saturday ,i would go but she want let me ,i'm on \punishment\.!"	-1							
1	great seeing u. i'm host of google+ hangout #romneyrally wednesday of u want invite let me know #lynndebate	1							
1	nikon has once again proven it's a small world after all with the latest ... - herald sun	0							
1	come out on monday to watch the woman in black w/ the model un! free entry! concessions w/ donation!! #ssu #	0							
1	niggas in paris was playing in the waiting room at the clinic and this old lady sat tapping her walking stick and bobbing her head. so cute.	1							
1	"and to the 2 girls in front of us that sat down and played temple run the whole time, why did you even come? #confused"	-1							
1	loved the hair style from friday's jason wu new york fashion week show? we're giving you the step-by-step to...	1							
1	"chinese? on top of the international holidays, we have chinese new year eve,chinese new year (day 1& 2),chap goh mei (15th day)"	0							
1	"too soon? amazon opens black friday deals store: thanksgiving is weeks away, the world series only ended on sund..."	-1							
1	may be its true becouse triple h arm has broken for reel or may be he will come back at the royal rumble	0							
1	boring #xfactor. seen it all before #xfactor.  let's have something new for autumn and no more dancing on ice in january.	-1							
1	"went to see 'the mystery of charles dickens' at the playhouse theatre, west end last thursday starring simon callow.  it's a must see!"	1							
1	oh yay! my mom just told me that my grammy is coming tomorrow!!!! woot woot! #loveher	1							
1	"unfortunately, i am wathcing all manifestation related to republic day and i just see that we are really far away 21st. century.+++"	-1							
1	this may be a little forward.... - secret-country: but can you imagine the sex miranda lambert & blake...	1							
1	the ending to the grey may be one of the most bad ass endings to a movie i've ever seen	-1							
1	totally curious with dream high 2.. wanna watch this drama asap! wanna compare it with the 1st one.. still theres a loooooooong holiday (y)	0							
1	safe and sound at narita airport! feels good to be back at the land of rising sun	1							
1	"it's so early here in germany, my american friends are just now getting drunk. off to prague, knuckleheads! talk to you on sunday! #czechrep"	1							
1	can not let be a let down game sunday with houston and san fran coming up. gotta focus on beating tennessee. #jayisourqb	-1							
1	who's going to israel this saturday?!	0							
1	"iran army monitoring all ships in gulf: tehran, oct 28: a senior commander of the islamic revolution guard corps..."	0							
1	soul train 70's halloween  party sat oct 27  adv tixx $10 -  $15 wt out costume $20 at the door...	0							
1	cant wait for you to come to dublin on monday so excited to see you:-) <3	1							
1	bj penn vs. nick diaz replay on fueltv! i'd pay to watch it a 2nd time!	1							
1	"taylor swift to co-host grammys with ll cool j: new york, oct 30 (ani): taylor swift has been chosen to present ..."	0							
1	"my hormones are spiral out of a control, i am crying over the jeremy kyle show for not the 1st or the 2nd but the 3rd time today #wut"	-1							
1	ah okay was hoping to see you out friday! next time i'm staying at harry's we should meet up in kingston! xx	1							
1	lol you mean pronounce it? idk either..hmm...i like to say it like 'hair-may' or 'hair-mess' lmfao idk okay. xd	1							
1	lol. maybe friday since i'm going to georgetown.	0							
1	bird on the wire is one of the 1st songs i learned as a child. and now daddy and i go see leonard cohen!	0							
1	next thursday or friday they play maryland in new york for the first real game	0							
1	"be sure to watch \cougar town\. it's \friends\ minus all the best actors, plus wine! coming in january. right after \shovin' buddies\"	1							
1	arsenal ladies are 0-0 at ht with ffc turbine potsdam in their women's champions league last 16 1st leg clash at borehamwood. #wucl	0							
1	thursday nights just wont be the same without waterloo road	0							
1	"harden got 25pts in the 3rd. damn, maybe lin and harden can get my rockets to the playoffs."	0							
1	not everyone has the same image of sexy. there are plenty of men out there who may think i'm built like ray lewis wit a weave. oh well...	1							
1	valentine's day by linkin park may not be the newest song but it's one of the best	1							
1	"community, cougar town, friday night lights, glee, mad men, modern family, six feets under, skins, terra nova o the wire???"	0							
1	land conservation announcement monday: gov. mitch daniels and lt. gov. becky skillman will make a lan...  #nashville	0							
1	"ryan reynolds may be back for a prequel or sequel to safe house, with or without denzel washington. script is in the works."	0							
1	oh hey! i have another reason for you! it's national chocolate day on sunday! :d	1							
1	dinner with my dad. and tony parker with a last second game winning shot. what a great night...just in time to be ruined by 300s tomorrow...	1							
1	post of the night:  anonymous (id: excv6jkr) 11/02/12(fri)00:52:39 no.434329650      this thread is like watching a monkey fuck a coconut	-1							
1	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app (+video): apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company...	1							
1	"he just got completely, utterly lost.. it's not like there was a viable 2nd option, everyone knew it was parker's shot!"	-1							
1	congrats to dj's 3rd grade team going to the superbowl! i'll be there cheering.	1							
1	who's going to go see breaking dawn part 2 with me!? c'mon!	1							
1	the two lukes (austen and dickens) playing at nelson bay diggers club this friday 2/11. go check 'em out if you live in the area..	0							
1	yes thank you janine!!  i saw kelsey grammer wed night at sag but didn't talk politics there.  let's take hollywood back!	1							
1	1st official release on  is out now! #eott2 with rmx's from haze & northern lights + instrumentals!	0							
1	"big game for  tomorrow, away vs the knicks at msg. personally think knicks will win... first game, msg crowd, sandy disaster..."	1							
1	"lots of rumors out there. oilers are said to want leopold/adam/3rd, sekera/pysyk/2nd, sekera/adam, leopold/adam for sam gagner. who knows??"	0							
1	"second last show of the season, 19th annual gift of art, with the artists of the #kanata civic #art #gallery. stop in!"	0							
1	i'm assuming that heb ran out of candy and people decided to give out pizza instead because it was busier than super bowl sunday today	-1							
1	goodnight! big day! tomorrow i'm at the school to 3:00 (argentina time) because i stay to the mallin! (tomorrow i'll tell you what is that)!	1							
1	today is national kissing day coz it's no work day tomorrow!!!	1							
1	"come meet members of the \1980 dawgs\ in athens this weekend at the red zone!  friday, 3pm - 6pm: coach vince..."	0							
1	this time tomorrow night ill be partying it up in chapel hill :) #cantwait	1							
1	victor cruz isnt himself today........i know he'll get it together in the 2nd half	0							
1	6 people left in the world and one of them is bill murray ...there's only 5 people .....who's the 6th???	0							
1	"dublin's street pub come join us for open mic. thursday, as the party continues here at dublin\s street pub.  $ (cont)"	0							
1	oh man i thought the deadline for act was tomorrow i have until the 9th bless	0							
1	you realize mizzou made t-shirts celebrating their win over kentucky! they should commemorate their 8th place finish on the back.	1							
1	1st movie of the night: the vow	0							
1	tts will participate in the \love in asia\ tomorrow (2/11) at 2:30pm(kst).kbs will broadcast the program on 3/11 at 7:30pm(kst) on kbs world	0							
1	milan-genoa: 22 rossoneri: milanello - 22 players have been called up for milan-genoa tomorrow at the san siro s...	0							
1	have you called people yet for bruno mars next friday!?	0							
1	trying for tickets to tomorrow's show (@ the late show with david letterman)	0							
1	is addicted to act. she just took one on saturday. and she just signed up for a third test.	0							
1	in 27 hours i know if im gonna see the boys live on may 1st!! omgg im sooo scared for tomorrow!	-1							
1	if obama wins i am quite sure one of his 1st major foreign policy hits would be successful resumption of talks with tehran.	1							
1	awesome response guys! the correct answer is: sam gagner and brendan smith. all of you will be put into the draw this coming thursday! #jt	1							
1	\harry styles is leaving one direction and going to form a two-man band with ed on the 31st of february.\ and i'm married to obama	-1							
1	not that i want to tip my hand... but there will be moves in both portfolio's tomorrow morning at 8:35 am (cst) home run and follow the $$	0							
1	hey channing tony provias from aberdeen hope you get a sack on murray this sat!!!	1							
1	lorenzo beasley. he was killed on july 17th of last year on the corner of 53rd and king dr.  ~#mile 5	-1							
1	in my tl guys talks about afc vs mufc i know guys u cant wait till saturday :d #epl <33	1							
1	"for second time, eagles make stop -- and commit a penalty. pi on kendricks gives atl another 1st down. groundhog day lives."	0							
1	would you be up for full day of movies at mine on thursday? :p so far tarzan and the notebook is on the list xd	1							
1	"like, \sweet you.\ \happy valentines day.\ (when it's july). \i'll meet you at the shop every tuesday.\......."	1							
1	queen can you please help me trend #biebsmeetbieberwhirls? he's coming to my city tomorrow & i wanna try to meet him	1							
1	watched muse on the jonathan ross show last night and promptly had nightmares about screwing everything up on wednesday! eeeeek!	0							
1	movies friday night! \flight\ with denzel washington!!! don't make plans because i just made plans!!!	0							
1	"i hope we don't go to the niners game onda 11th. but, i wouldn't mind meetin' up widd my boo, kyle williams inda loccer room & stuff. lmfao!"	-1							
1	"rivers to gates, for only the 3rd time this season. keep it up chiefs, fantasy teams need you"	1							
1	arianators please help me. i'm a girl who's body is very sore and just asking for ariana & jennette's goodluck for tomorrow. please :(	-1							
1	google+ hangout with : october 27th! 2pm pacific / 5pm eastern via #askllcoolj #llcooljhangout  #kpoptv #2pm	0							
1	ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january (source: corriere dello sport)   #transfertalk	0							
1	"gotta remember to bring dionje candy tomorrow, lol he got mad at me today!"	1							
1	great drink specials this saturday as mizzou looks for the upset over florida. former mizzou wr brian wheller...	0							
1	watched the vow for the 5th time and i'm still tearing. what's wrong with this movie. it's tooo... omg i can't even.	-1							
1	"see you on march 24th. from argentina to miami, no limits for #asot and"	0							
1	better suit up at the senior bowl friday night.	1							
1	egypt&#039;s president mohamed morsi on monday pardoned all those arrested between the start of the revolution t ...	1							
1	kurt convey wins the boys race in 16:01 with nick diaz coming in 2nd around 16:10. rounding out the top 3 was kenny castro.	1							
1	fyi - the ridiculously adorable ladybug larry bird gives his 1st piece of candy to is our producer/ director chris koch's gorgeous daughter!	1							
1	pictures of #overdoser 1st anniversary party at safe house #thonglor are online! check it out!	0							
1	"realized that i've just spent halloween, super bowl sunday, and my last two birthdays either in the library, or in a computer lab.."	-1							
1	busted  caught out celebrating the 1st'a cup win with andy carroll and joe hart #beer #jager	0							
1	"if they are still looking for a center, they may want to inquire about sam gagner.  edmonton needs d."	0							
1	enjoyed the flotus today in fl!  u r brilliant...simply put! glad i voted saturday #obama2012 #duval	1							
1	tonight's never mind the buzzcocks has the hilarious noel fielding again :) can't wait to download it tomorrow	1							
1	top ten strikers who are on the premier league's january wishlist  via	0							
1	"police surgery fri for #penygraig residents at the boys&girls club  9am 11am, pop along and meet your local officer  #md"	0							
1	would you like to see cornerback champ bailey play in his twelfth pro bowl this january?  2013 pro bowl voting...	0							
1	"taking a litre of fizzy, flavoured water to bed tonight, super sunday is gonna result in a mouth like ghandi's flip flop! #gacky #rank #beer"	0							
1	"cant wait to see \flight\ on saturday, denzel is one of the best actors in the world alongside leo and de niro"	1							
1	we put a 2nd team out and get beat and you go #rafa ... behave ben !! you sound like a wool calling for rafa	0							
1	going to the mizzou game on saturday! here with kaleb's family. what are you doing here?	0							
1	now y'all know all that halloween candy is gonna be on clearance tomorrow...you can save it for valentine's day :)	1							
1	city game at the ravens stadium saturday at noon 10 dollars to get in i will be there who else going?	0							
1	"looks like it's coming on valentine's day. i liked the 4th, i think 5 will be just as good. he's in russia this time."	1							
1	nov 25 at the san siro. i pray we would've gotten back our rhythm before then or we'll get embarrased.	0							
1	"3000th tweet dedicated to andy carroll and west ham, brilliant start to the season, now continue it with wigan on saturday!"	1							
1	aston villa line up january bid for danish midfielder: aston villa are reportedly monitoring the availability of...	0							
1	photos: rihanna crowned carnaval queen: pop superstar visited the greystone manor supperclub wednesday night and was...	0							
1	"13th. there is no android device worth buying outside of the nexus line, in my opinion. especially not the galaxy s line"	-1							
1	"as a point, flacco had a 0.3 qbr last sunday. even vet qb had a bad day."	-1							
1	yeah i saw them open for taylor swift in march. they were awesome! is cher just like a fucking bitch on stage?	-1							
1	going to the georgetown game on friday! #imwearingblue #istillloveeastview	1							
1	sophia grace and rosie: we know one of your songs!! the sun comes down na na na na	1							
1	"come out and have some laughs with me, spartacus, and max at caroline's comedy club this wednesday october 24th!..."	1							
1	down to blaze with joe and i tomorrow?	0							
1	my sis won tickets for the jonas brothers concert @ fort canning on monday....	1							
1	"fuck you, band that covered it on friday night, and fuck you ricky martin for existing in the first place you big jerk."	-1							
1	"at a live basketball fantasy draft...sort of. i got the 7th pick. got melo, monta ellis, iguodala and ibaka so far"	0							
1	"yea i say, mid january for a new single. right in time for the superbowl& video at the end of january leading into superbowl"	0							
1	5th floor paterno with    we're going to be productive from now on.	0							
1	february 12th is a nice time to release it. its the week of the grammys too. albums \sell\ that week.	1							
1	the landlord from will ferrell.avi  via   this will cure the monday blues. funny funny shit	1							
1	cofield should have hopped off the dm sticks after his 3rd year. niggas was tired of him lol	-1							
1	you'd think after not replying to the 3rd text the twat face would get that i fucking hate him.	-1							
1	watching \the vow\ for the 1st time! i <3 it! already cried 3 times!	1							
1	"we are actually playing on saturday, january 19 - the week prior to the senior bowl."	0							
1	"finally in bed. such a long day, but so much was accomplished. athens tomorrow!!"	1							
1	why there so much easier i'm pretty sure tomorrow is the cupid shuffle tho ... i hate that	-1							
1	for the french fan of  the tvmovie : drew peterson : untouchable will be broadcasted thusday 16 october at 2:55 pm on #tf1 !	0							
1	so i asked a diehard fsu fan about the game against dook on sat & they are kinda worried about coach cut & his coastal division leading team	0							
1	"if you built ford tough or built like ray lewis on a sunday in full pads, take yo ass somewhere and get some sweat pants or baggy jeans."	0							
1	the vow! love this movie. if you are meant to be with your loved one it will happen no matter what obstacles you may face! #truelove #exists	1							
1	my thursday nights arent the same without waterloo road	0							
1	"new jeremy kyle starts monday, you bitch i'm back to school then!!"	0							
1	pentagon open to more than just #blackberry?  ios and android may make an appearance.	0							
1	i think it got eaten by a grue.- pc friday - diablo iii (ptr patch 1.05) |	0							
1	perfect weather to finish a great week.saw noel fielding's show thursday at the ath. meeting him would have made the week perfect!	1							
1	mohamed nasheed's press brief about coni report - 31 aug 2012  via	0							
1	a leonard cohen and jeff buckley album just in time for black friday? #buymethat	0							
1	and  all on the jonathan ross show tonight = terrif sat night in! well done  #toofunny	1							
1	"i have a couple, of jets games, but they're from the end of the season. wish i'd kept more of dec. also, i have the sam gagner game."	0							
1	all aboard... 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there.. #tweet_yah_later	0							
1	registering for my act's and sat's at the last minute -____- i am so tired	-1							
1	"looks like rooney, rvp, rio, evra, giggs and young will all be rested tomorrow. expecting a few of the youngsters to feature. #mufc"	0							
1	"i love the \on time\ part=>  axl rose shows up on time, gives jimmy kimmel 1st live tv interview in 20 years"	1							
1	nothing like watching the vow on a friday night. cheers to cancelled plans and sickness	1							
1	"big day tomorrow. it's donut friday,  is buying.  first day of practice and mitt's rally."	1							
1	can't wait to see 'flight' with denzel washington on tomorrow! bam!  ;-)	1							
1	"tomorrow, the biggest name in music & entertainment is on the show! and no it's not ricky martin. who is it? click -"	1							
1	mizzou beats kentucky 2-1! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 p.m.	1							
1	did anyone read the nyt interview with egyptian president mohamed morsi on saturday? good read:	1							
1	for any of those who went to see the dancing on ice tour this year the dvd of the tour comes out november 26th 2012	0							
1	anyone wanna tell me why us trending says bon jovi performed at the grammys. aren't they in feb?	0							
1	the grey huhuhuhu #fuckingawesome #btwftr 670 i'm going to sleep i need it tomorrow i've to work	1							
1	"february 13th; desperation day, it's a thing"	0							
1	watchin step up <3 the 1st one is the best with channing tatum as the main guy >>>	1							
1	"just found out about the  production of dickens performs a christmas carol, surely a must this december."	0							
1	just cus it's friday here are 62 reasons why bill murray is awesome	1							
1	my photos up at photoplus and the olympus booth. come out and say hello! ill be here till saturday.	0							
1	"eleanor, that's cool, it would be great to see your pastel art. ;) link to the painting i did on monday"	1							
1	"crazy how sports econpmics have changed. larry bird's rookie deal was 5 yrs, $3.25 m total. 6th pick damian lillard will make $3 m this yr."	0							
1	"what if the world could vote on nov 6? france leads the obama camp, including britain, peru, turkey, india among others"	0							
1	people should stay after school tomorrow to help the nhs.. we will be watching \the woman in black\	0							
1	so kendrick lamar 1st week projected sales iz 242k. that's wassup for an artist different from the norm to do those kind of numbers.	0							
1	"signing day this friday for fdahs. hate the school but i love my senior class, we be on."	0							
1	"thanks, dave! great show tonight.  sorry, craig. i've got to get to bed. i'll catch you tomorrow.   david letterman"	1							
1	lmfaoasdfghjklomg. i just saw a picture of jenelle from the 1st day of school in 5th grade.. damn that nigga changed.	-1							
1	"jean, tomorrow is free kissing day! :) nothing. just wanna tell you that"	1							
1	amazon has deals on home theater items on during the countdown to black friday.	0							
1	"ever since uncharted 3 and mass effect 3, i've been weary of third games. then again this is technically the 5th. can't wait!"	1							
1	friday is the last day to early vote in maryland. i'm4q6. please join me and vote for question 6. #votefor6	0							
1	i've just noticed that  reminds me of noel fielding a little bit. i think it may be their strangely wonderful dress sense :)	1							
1	seriously all of you people are dumb saying that all of the schools in cny are going to be closed tomorrow...	-1							
1	"got a great piece for you history buffs friday morning, a game between schalke & bayern that marked the end of germany's greatest ever side."	1							
1	any truth in this interview with harry redknapp tomorrow?	0							
1	al pacino to play joe paterno in biopic..this is going to be his 2nd film where he says \say hello to my little friend\ -	0							
1	"so this saturday, fort canning with sweetheart(: okay can! yay!!"	1							
1	just finished watching \the vow\ for the 5th time.	0							
1	"i'm determined to watch the vow tomorrow, i still haven't seen it!"	0							
1	do you have chocolate? sunday is national chocolate day.	0							
1	"tomorrow i'm scheduled to put up the xmas decorations.even on phil holidays,i still can't get my much needed sleep #24hrsaintenough"	-1							
1	"when the boys pre-recorded their performance of little things for the x factor uk on sunday, eleanor was in the audience. #1dnews"	0							
1	"just noticed you using the spanish abbreviation \no sure\, no? think you're missing rafa, mon brave"	-1							
1	have to say i think jason & taylor may have been robbed by the married duo tonight of blake & miranda...	-1							
1	have you ever forgotten to get a valentine's present? your chance at feb 17 #bonjovi tix coming up!	0							
1	2nd night parker has been on it ..boy oh boy	-1							
1	"controversy aside, the 2 games shown on tv for super sunday were great spectacles. #bestleagueintheworld"	1							
1	"pagasa] 6:39am intermittent light to occasionally moderate rains over southern portions of negros, cebu & bohol may persist for the next...	0	1	11101011110100, 0111101110011, 11110011011100, 110100, 11111100010111, 11111100010110, 111111010110, 11100110100, 11100110101, 111111101110, 1011100, 100110110, 10110, 10010, 01011001000, 0011101010, 01111101100, 11100001110, 111111010101, 1010, 11110111010100, 01111111111111, 011001010, 1111001100101, 100001, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	applications are due this friday november 2!!!    let this video of yes prep senior signing day inspire you as...	1							
1	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the co...  #coreformulas	0							
1	"jimmy kimmel live - axl rose, part 1: part 1 of jimmy kimmel's interview with axl rose.added: thu oct 25 11:02:2..."	0							
1	watch live queen of the south vs edinburgh cit	0							
1	i'm listening to the a capellas of the 2nd law and appreciating how bad ass bellamy is. not that i didn't already know from his other albums	-1							
1	"if you are a family member, friend, or fan of austin rivers you may want to unfollow me. this is about to get ugly."	-1							
1	sophia grace and rosie look back at highlights from their long singing career (it's their 1st anniversary on...	0							
1	"happy valentines day <3 !!.....yes, in brazil, it is celebrated on june 12. your mind = blown !"	1							
1	yeah i'm not to sure about klass -jan think he'll be an andy carroll type striker -bang em in or flop	-1							
1	seriously i think he may pull out his gat and shoot me! i need to call upon castle greyskull for my powers #ihavethepower	-1							
1	#afc preview followed by live coverage of saturday's game between man utd and arsenal in the premier league.	0							
1	refuse to admit that it's 3rd year. bring on my groundhog day	-1							
1	cried for every episode of dream high 2 starting from episode 13!!! t-t tomorrow i shall watch the last and final episode!	1							
1	"continued assault - indianapolis faces a tough miami defense this sunday, one that ranks third in the league in yard..."	0							
1	i'm not sure about what evra is upto. i like buttner. should be given more games.rafael cannot defend. we might see a buy in jan	-1							
1	watching the vow.... for the 4th time.	0							
1	balletcenter in cebu is holding romeo and juliet in august..check it out:)	1							
1	i'm thinking of an outfit like \nick the lounge singer\ (bill murray) from the old old saturday night live. maybe a sherbet tux?	0							
1	nice one harry styles. sorry boys haven't got a mob at the mo. think i'm at a firwework thing fri. if not i'm there.	0							
1	groundhog day? he just keeps seeing jt snow rounding 3rd over and over and over and over...#marlinsmysteryfanrevealed	0							
1	"we spent halloween, thanksgiving, 4th of july, christmas, new years, and valentines day together."	1							
1	i liked a  video  17th grammys: paul simon and john lennon co-presenting the grammy for record of the	1							
1	i'm going over to britain and ireland's next top mode and jls are performing on the monday and that's the day i was supposed	0							
1	reading the sun and watching jeremy kyle. where did it all go wrong? better do some work. #ashamed	-1							
1	1st time i've seen eleanor respond to hate o.o  she seems to sweet to say 1 mean thing!	0							
1	omg the music video comes out tomorrow! btw i still can't get over harry's voice :')	-1							
1	egypt&#039;s new president mohamed morsi on monday described the relationship between the u.s. and egypt as some ...	0							
1	1. noel fielding comedy gala tonight :) 2. work all day tomorrow 3. granny smith festival that night	1							
1	can't wait to see how wk 3 of the safe house sermon will be broken down. this sunday is kanye's verse.  my pastor keeps it real	1							
1	watching \the woman in black\ for the 9th time hahaha	1							
1	"going to healthy kids day: cover the kids ... at boys & girls club - teichert branch on sat, nov 3"	0							
1	mostly just a misunderstanding over who called whom. bigger issue is pepper-spraying people who want to march on republic day	-1							
1	wow .. this is the  clip of dublin's sunday times journo paul kimmage confronting lance armstrong :  - youtube	0							
1	"had a 'low' moment...then i thought, why? 2wks on tuesday i see noel gallagher up close with the best boy in the world...now i'm smiling :0)"	1							
1	"we should start ox on saturday imo, he will terrorise evra just like he did last season."	-1							
1	gov. mitch daniels is rallying republicans with a rare appearance that may have violated h	-1							
1	would the bar be showing pittsburgh steelers v new york giants on sunday night?	0							
1	i watched it 4 the 1st time & :-).  voted 4 it in the nta awards - best factual program. mite need 2 watch rest on itvplayer	1							
1	i may be a little too optimistic but i think the browns vex themselves of the baltimore curse and beat the ravens.  maybe its just me lol	1							
1	it's out already?  thought it was tomorrow? denzel is the best ever. movie looks amazing.	1							
1	"might have a royal rumble death drinking game tomorrow. alone. one day, we should have a rumble death drinking game"	0							
1	"jeremy lin may have a lil chinese wiener, but he still gets #hard4harden"	0							
1	"i always cry wen i listen to avril singing tomorrow in dublin,i just remember everything bad happened to me :/"	-1							
1	cupid and psyche isn't an original greek myth. it was a story in the golden ass by apuleius and often cited as the 1st fairy tale.	0							
1	i comeposed my first twat on september 15th so technically iv had a twitter for a long time then forgot about it.. good to be back	1							
1	\ tune into  tomorrow for a special  #pushandshove news segment during the 7am & 9am hours!\ nooooooooo	-1							
1	we have a member who needs a ride to the doctor in indianapolis early monday morning. could you be the answer to...	0							
1	hai  please hear me :d  we want avril's new single  maybe just teaser 1st it'll oke for me !	1							
1	"there is on thing i have learned from the mlb playoffs, cougar town on a new network. i can't wait till january. #poundinggrape #pennycan!!!"	1							
1	jonas brothers are gonna go live at fort canning on the 22nd. hmmmm.	0							
1	may of witnessed a girl punch a guy in the face last night and tackled him to the ground at davos	0							
1	uk:  safe house is only 99 pence on kindle today - a steal! get it or the #audiobook now. (will not work for us - us pub in dec)	0							
1	"sorta lucky joe doesn't have twitter, but seriously, when he sees me on sunday morning he'll probably leave me alone"	1							
1	oh iight i can dig it but how you going to act tomorrow night tho younging ?	0							
1	"u r a 5-star to the hog fans, va3!!!!!   u got props from the coach wednesday night at the signing day event in the ville,#wps!"	1							
1	\justin is nominated for 5 grammy awards\ thats weird? considering that the nominations dont get announced til december..	-1							
1	happy valentines day? o.o say what? is it feb 14th already?	1							
1	so u sat down with sophia grace and rosie to tea and it was awesome! :d	1							
1	police: you have the right to remain silent. what ever you say may be hel against you me: harry styles	0							
1	"the emmys are the unwatched awards show: in february, the grammy awards show blew through the...  #entertainment #oc"	0							
1	\happy valentines day\ lulwhuuuut? i guess it is february weather though...	1							
1	\ david guetta is coming to fort canning at 11 october :3 omg omg omg! :3\ will b going :d	1							
1	#torchlight2 comes out tomorrow. torchlight is in my list of best games of all time. i like it better than diablo iii. 2 promises more.	1							
1	"beating the retreat ceremony is conducted on the evening of january 29, the third day after the republic day. #facts"	0							
1	art on the town friday november 2: 6 brand new locations!	0							
1	kendrick lamar on sunday! i'm going to rub in how good it was...	1							
1	i will consider arsenal to have the potential to win premier league this season if only they beat manchester united tomorrow.	1							
1	"i know, it went from way too far off to here. i'll see iupui at maryland on jan 1, just excited to go back to baltimore lol"	1							
1	can't really remember but i think it was capello's 2nd and we started with 9 or 10 wins and ended with chimenti	0							
1	- another example of a good college player who had a great week at senior bowl to ease concerns about toughs & get into 1st round	1							
1	rehearsing for nov 6 \ just called jim leyland to congratulate new york giants on their victorious baseball match #sfgchamps #p2	1							
1	just wrote a great song with mitch daniels! really looking forward to performing it with him on thursday! :)	1							
1	it is saturday after all. question - is giroud the new torres? and superbowl switches to comerica park for game 3. where?	0							
1	i'm going and actually meeting channing tatum tomorrow. it's all set up. suck my dick twitter!	-1							
1	just got done playing mass effect 3 multiplayer for pc for alittle bit.now i'm gonna watch friday the 13th on the amc channel.	0							
1	the boys are hot!! #streakin big win tonight let's do er again tomorrow! #keepitrollin	1							
1	good point he may still be up...he's off to las vegas!	1							
1	"and on tuesday, harry redknapp distanced himself from the job following speculation he was planning talks with the club."	-1							
1	i'm excited for trunk or treat tomorrow (nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at...	1							
1	"i got given some cash from fabrice muamba, signed gary hooper, andy carroll some sevilla winger, i drew with villa 1st day."	0							
1	have you filmed jonathan ross yet??? can't wait to see it on sat! :) xxx	1							
1	"hip hip hooray, meet you in nevada tomorrow so we can prepare."	1							
1	come out and support #recapo tomorrow at #silentnight on 113th and king dr. from 4-8:30pm!!!!!!! be the change you want to see.	1							
1	liverpool looking to activate demba ba's 7m buy out clause with andy carroll going the other way in january	0							
1	"safe and sound at the hotel! scotty passed out on the plane and had to get doctors and oxygen. practice tomorrow,..."	1							
1	can't wait for the west chester ohio rally with mitt tomorrow night along with the great gov of oh! #romneyryan2012	1							
1	one more day of work before rugby filled weekend. hurry up saturday! #esherrugby #refereeing #excited	1							
1	#obamanewpromises  chinese new year will replace the 4th of july  as our independence day holiday	0							
1	"keep yr eyes open for incursion. it may not be spartacus, but it's going to be out of this world :-)"	1							
1	saw this after the game saturday.   @ former site of the now removed joe paterno statue at beaver stadium	0							
1	"i may be the odd man out on this but i don't get all the buzz on this kendrick lamar. decent i guess, but not stellar."	-1							
1	"this may be a reason to swap, ios has too many daft games.  \android is a desolate wasteland when it comes to games.\"	-1							
1	yea!! and i know the most people going to those places!! i think only hk and taiwan are going on thursday.	0							
1	first murray is out for the dallas cowboys now felix may be questionable for the atlanta game. not looking good for the running backs!	-1							
1	omg bullet for my valentine are going to be on radio 1 on monday night	0							
1	people say u won't go to the pro bowl because of the play of the bears cb's. how are you gonna prove them wrong on sunday?!	-1							
1	"coni is still looking for volunteers for the painting project that is expected to be completed on saturday, november 10 and november 17."	0							
1	we spoke and you didn't mention it..! happy birthday queen! enjoy your earth day..long may your pioneering work continue..x x	1							
1	remember the \4th round prospect\ that made people question iupati's ability at senior bowl?  #geno	0							
1	q3 0:54. eli manning pass intended for victor cruz intercepted by danny mccray at the dallas 35 returned for no gain. 1st & 10.	0							
1	again it was a thurs watching nadal game and tried to type ffs...	0							
1	"alright, if my daughter keeps singing avril just to annoy me, i may be forced to retaliate."	-1							
1	not sure what to say. i guess we'll all be happy when nov 6 passes. i'll support whoever is next potus. but obv want romney.	0							
1	diablo iii post-1.0.4 was very generous. they had an immediate \maintenance\ after the 1st 24 hours. generosity gone. *shrug*	0							
1	february 13th \desperation day\ the most awesome day of all time #true_story	1							
1	\ rivers may have just entered cmon man territory with that int in the end zone -- #chargerfansbooing\ why did that need a hashtag	0							
1	"to follow up on last tweet, bills dt kyle williams expected to play sunday. just resting the ankle during the week."	0							
1	thats like the 5th time the texans hit the ball so flacco can't throw it	0							
1	mitt is the man; going to go vote tomorrow.	1							
1	indian air force may not go with israel a second time	-1							
1	obama has a 40k early voting advantage in nevada if he gets to 80k by next mon he wins if its less than 70k he loses in between is a toss up	0							
1	"raw 1,000: rock to get a wwe championship match at the royal rumble this january"	0							
1	bumper day for  in  tomorrow - extract from new tom wolfe + sylvie simmons on leonard cohen	0							
1	"$] black friday best price underwater case for the following olympus evolt digital slr...	1	1	111111000010, 1111011110111000, 1111110001010, 110100, 111101011100, 111111010001, 11111100010110, 111001100001, 1011100, 0110111111000, 100001, 11110111001110, 11110111001100, 11110111111111"""	0							
1	lol david letterman re: hanging crane in nyc \so what they're gonna do tomorrow is get  near it to make it stick upright\ #amazing	1							
1	oh no she didn't! bgv rt\ i can't wait to make  listen to two hours of taylor swift during our drive tomorrow.\	-1							
1	sophia grace and rosie a few of the cookies & creme may be really like at the moment!	1							
1	"actually, i'd like to omit the vaccines from my top 10 and move kasabian in at 9th, with the enemy dropping to 10th. told you i can't do it."	-1							
1	"i would love the audio book 'the art of war' by sun tzu, as read by jim white!! #mountainsandsea"	1							
1	on tuesday (november 6) tune in to my channel at 7 (cst) to chat with me live on googlehangouts and get your spanish questions answered! :-)	0							
1	cant bud going to kentucky. if you wait till sunday fun day id like to go.	1							
1	2nd coming: will blacks america debate the 2012 election #bet  i'm tired of hearing ppl say potus haven't done anything 4 blks	-1							
1	to all my friends in #turkey may you  all stand strong on this 89th republic day! cumhuriyet bayraminiz kutlu olsun !	1							
1	feb ka pla balik girl from sg sana makabalik ako sa cebu by feb i miss you na jud..	0							
1	grace to attend the 10th asia international (aissf)	0							
1	"sandy, if you have ruined my chances to see bruno mars on monday i will go buck wild."	-1							
1	eh... first day chinese new year is feb 10th...	0							
1	april & i are having dinner in jacksonville tomorrow night with milford & the future mrs. milford!   #sebringlsa13	0							
1	1win from the superbowl! game tomorrow at noon! git r done!	1							
1	"absolutely nothing will, they will be best friends forever :') when they won the nta award for the 10th year that has to be...."	1							
1	eric adelson with the slam: \(flacco) looked more like blaine gabbert than eli manning on sunday.\ #ravens	0							
1	nov 16!! me + you + movie theater = breaking dawn part 2. just saw a preview! can't wait (:	1							
1	"being in amsterdam this early on a friday morning is not my ideal, i just want to get home!"	-1							
1	wonder if chris christie can cancel valentine's day and move it to april..flowers are cheaper!	0							
1	"i'm everyday dressed up with my spartacus costume. so, if you miss this halloween, we may catch up anytime!"	0							
1	i'm heading off to hong kong next thursday. spending the remaining time with my folks before i go. will really miss edi	0							
1	just found out that the boys will be on ellen on november 9th... ahhh so happy :')	1							
1	54) a bro is required to go out with his bros on st. paddys day and other  bro holidays like halloween nye and desperation day feb 13th	0							
1	don't get me wrong i love bruno mars he is amazing but that grammy should have went to adam for best pop vocal. i mean c'mon!	1							
1	"runner on 2nd no outs, drubes being one of our best hitters should make a productive out. his fault not acta's"	1							
1	ya but my dad is most likely taking it to san fran tomorrow :/	0							
1	britain's out of the recession? i give it till february.	0							
1	"not to be overlooked by sandy, a summery mid-upper 70s with sunshine today in cny. record high of 79 set in buffalo. more warmth friday!"	0							
1	david guetta's playing with alesso at fort canning 8th oct. only want to hear alesso leh.	-1							
1	taiwan court extends ex-leader's jail term - taipei: taiwan's high court said friday it has extended ex-leader chen ...	0							
1	they are hereee! i'm so envy those who just met them at the klia especially who took pictures w nick j :( tomorrow is my turn!	1							
1	"art  do you think nyc should host the marathon sunday?..why would they when soooo many desperately need help,where is respect"	-1							
1	were doing great up until the 3rd.. struggling a lot. harden and lin doing very well together. harden w/ 31 pts. so far.	1							
1	"i missed the 10th birthday of avril lavigne's sk8er boi! darn, i love that song, especially the part where she rhymes boy with boy. #classic"	1							
1	"crazy how sports economics have changed. larry bird's rookie deal was 5 yrs, $3.25 m total. 6th pick damian lillard will make $3 m this yr."	0							
1	"stick to college hoops & pandering to 2nd rate acc teams... dook's opening game is right around the corner, baybeeee!!"	1							
1	"all the people seeing noel fielding tomorrow, i am extremely jealous of you."	-1							
1	"lady gaga fears classmates: los angeles, nov 1 (ians) singer lady gaga is still in touch with some people from h..."	-1							
1	eleanor says she's going to practice squat peeing in the shower for tomorrow	0							
1	"we haven't talked about it yet. however, we are very excited about the jan revolution heifer calf that is inside of her."	1							
1	"wait if the power is out tomorrow then i'm going to miss a new how i met your mother, nooooooooo"	-1							
1	and won't take much time. i thought your views may be better presented to cycling world in poland if you say sth more \directly\.	1							
1	terrible play call on 2nd and 7. victor cruz on a slant? te? nicks sideline? how about any of those?	-1							
1	drew peterson is no longer #untouchable! tune in for the lifetime original movie sunday at 7/6c on	0							
1	preview of the nfc championship game sunday?! i'm feelin' an offensive shootout hahaha #vikes #cards #gameoftheweek	0							
1	i misss you toooo!!! you need to come to bg on the 10th !! we are throwing joe a surprise birthday party!! bring whoever:)	1							
1	we cannot wait for listen avril's 5th record! please tell us when could we listen it?	1							
1	"#nofucksgivinfebruary just don't give a shit about anything, this may pose a problem on valentines though"	-1							
1	it has been at least three months since i've heard an lmfao song.  give it another month or two and i may once again venture outside.	0							
1	perhaps they want a 3rd choice hahaha! like ben amos at #mufc	1							
1	should i have an engagement party?  any who.. san francisco this weekend then... i officially move to colorado on the 13th.	0							
1	justin is going tea time with sophia grace and rose tomorrow on the ellen show at 4 on really :)	1							
1	haha if it gets to serious you may wanna call the original ghost hunter... bill murray #ghostbusters	0							
1	you guys rocked tonight!!!   see you in kentucky on saturday!	1							
1	championship: team news: bellamy in frame for cardiff: all the team news from saturday's championship game...  #boro	0							
1	happy new year to those who aren't into \anno domini\. shana tovah & all that good jazz! looking forward to the chinese new year in feb.	1							
1	"good night out with the boys,party bus down town tomorrow n osu saturday #cantwait"	1							
1	hahaha shut up cupid! yeah hopefully it does go good and saturday and every other day!	1							
1	we thought we'd never see the day - axl rose does 1st tv interview in 20 yrs and shows up on time! watch:	0							
1	watching the grey with liam neeson. one of my twitter friends recommend. and it's really good. thanks for tuesday night's entertainment.	1							
1	"west ham have scored eight times in andy carroll's three starts. he may not be scoring yet, but he's making it easier for others to score."	1							
1	who else is excited to see the boys on startalk tomorrow???	1							
1	the notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all time<3	1							
1	jonathan ross is going to be amazing on saturday!  and  in one show....ahhhh can't wait!	1							
1	romney's great line about \trickle down government\ was coined by gov. mitch daniels as early as january. mitt uses good sources.	1							
1	"in the mean time, check out this soundcloud mix from a dj im seeing at a day party on saturday, 12-12, amsterdam livin"	0							
1	tomorrow is the release of the 20th anniversary kniteforce boxset featuring many remixes including mine of super sunday! $92 at the store!	1							
1	embarrassing. rams cut alexander. yes i know he's from mizzou. but c'mon. chiefs d makes unknowns look like pro bowlers.	-1							
1	finna hit the grammys tomorrow then ima finna go thug it with  live in my stomping grounds in the ie! #grittygrindn	0							
1	i'm presently in poland but will fill you in on my return home to scotland on saturday.	0							
1	"a few sandusky costumes may have been in poor taste today, but the old joe pa statue in happy valley was legit."	-1							
1	the fact that we are going to be sophia grace and rosie at the studio on tuesday makes me soo happy!  #accents #cuties	1							
1	the ravens release their first injury report of the week on wednesday. sounds like it will be loaded with names:	0							
1	friday nite after the dwc reading raided sound garden...3 dvds & a cd 4 $20! cruising home 2 raphael sadiq. friday note in cny.	0							
1	ask jenelle if i can use da car on da 29th den ill take you	0							
1	"if the deal between sabres/oilers is gagner and a 3rd for sekera and adam. i would think the deal would be done tomorrow, no reason to wait."	0							
1	miami going into msg tomorrow night and gonna embarrass the knicks	0							
1	"good morning, hong kong!  meme pa ang kasama ko, may headache :(  what's the jap resto again in lkf other than ippudo?"	0							
1	"hello from dublin! tomorrow we're playing at the button factory. onstage at 9, but if you come for  at 8, you won't regret it!"	1							
1	sunday am: the challenge of the harvest by rev. john morrow	0							
1	looking for something to do this weekend in cny? here are the best bets: thursday: rapper wiz khalifa will headl...	1							
1	we are live! ufc on fuel tv! 1st fight of the day :)	1							
1	syrian delegation withdrew from 1st session of the non-aligned movement summit in iran as mohamed morsi addressed #syria crisis	0							
1	ben amos is on the bench for the england u21s. as they take on serbia in the 2nd leg of their play-off for the euros.	0							
1	i'll be rooting for penn state tomorrow...even tho they murdered joe pa for something he didn't do! the new coach & kids deserve that	1							
1	avril is still working on her 5th album. she's in the studio with  from the black eyed peas.	0							
1	y'all tryna fuck with chapel hill tomorrow night???	-1							
1	happy birthday nick j  may you live long and happy :)	1							
1	"saturday, i buy my ticket for the #tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy!"	1							
1	7pts 4 assts for harden in the 1st quarter... him and lin gon play aight together	0							
1	"... bit of lightning? he may have been the boss of olympus but poseidon controls the majority of weather phenomenon, also ..."	0							
1	i have the same birthday as both anderson cooper and nadal. june 3rd is an awesome day i guess!	1							
1	"no trick or treat there then. james, may i very cheekily ask if you might record channel 4, 11.10 pm  for me tonight?"	-1							
1	\ cupid doesn't lie but you won't know unless you give it a try\ wwooww.may pinaghuhugutan!	1							
1	#grooves (2300 pierce) this friday sept28th kendrick perkins nba back to camp party with  and okc teammates |	0							
1	c'mon y'all. taylor won that award more than once already. the fact that blake got it this time shouldn't really piss any of you off.	-1							
1	is it true lmfao are there tomorrow ??	0							
1	"michael jackson is like the sun.he's so hot,and 4950675967586785768455636 kilometers far from me."	1							
1	"uefa women's champions league update, including  scoring in a game with lots of americans:"	0							
1	20 countries to attend iranplast 2012 expo:  tehran - the 8th edition of the iranplast exhibition will open on ...	0							
1	4 days until vintagenow. we want to raise a bundle for the safe house for women. support us by attending 0ct 30th.	1							
1	im picking   and  is keeping the title till royal rumble on sunday january 27 2013 #helinacell	0							
1	so i have a red eye flight home from ca sat. night at 1am pst w/ layover in dallas on cst along  with the clocks being pushed back an hour.	-1							
1	nominations are now open for the citizen of the year awards held on australia day. three categories. close nov 30. see:	0							
1	fuck sat! act is where it's at! :d	-1							
1	i recorded some diablo iii. and i will edit and upload it tomorrow	0							
1	on saturday night making the next hit honored us with a achievement award it felt like we were at the grammys!...	1							
1	the best thing about a thursday night is definitely celebrity juice #hilarious	1							
1	interested in a fieldtrip this sat. to check out the annual snow goose migration? text or call becky at 403-715-7844	1							
1	"you know i miss you too frankie, i'm always telling you! what you doing saturday?"	1							
1	even though i already know how it ends... im watching the cmas tomorrow just to see blake drunk	0							
1	"fox chicago, you make me angry. playing the vikings vs redskins over the nfc championship rematch 49ers vs giants tomorrow????"	-1							
1	ima ask for the day off! im not gonna miss watching breaking dawn for our 10th month anniversary!(:	1							
1	14 feb 2011 - \happy valentine's day everybody. i'm going to buy cookies and stuff myself full. -	1							
1	capello had a draw in his 4th game with juve in the serie a (2004/2005).	0							
1	"friday night an it's dead. suppose i should go bed, watch spartacus and nurse a glass of rum as i have no coke:( #sendmetoasleep"	-1							
1	\ who to the bell game tomorrow though\	0							
1	"people are posting pictures of pics from the movie day after tomorrow , all like 'god have mercy on our souls' lmfao"	0							
1	"yes, dickens tomorrow night indeed.  you too. charles dickens tavern on collins st. get there 45mins+ before ko."	0							
1	flyin to the bay tomorrow then kickin it in fresno a couple days before going to colorado #fuckyes	1							
1	"the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson, starts november 1st at 82mercer"	0							
1	who wants a love like johnny and june? i want a love like blake and miranda. #lovethem #obsessed	1							
1	"this sunday...revenge, and a game winning td for kyle williams. we have already destroyed the last 2 teams and we'll keep rollin"	1							
1	"lady gaga fears classmates: los angeles, nov 1 (ians) singer lady gaga is still in touch with some pe..."	-1							
1	"i love asia, she's the first friend i made down here in 7th grade."	1							
1	"drum stream scheduled for tomorrow postponed til next saturday on the 3rd of november. until then, a diablo iii stream!"	0							
1	noel gallagher tomorrow.. can't wait to see the legend!!!!!	1							
1	"tf2, maybe some day z, and some diablo iii 2nd playthru perhaps...and you?"	0							
1	now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight it's comming out nov 2nd 2012 #lateshow with david letterman	0							
1	i heard that  is on jonathan ross sat. i'm gearing up for the super pout.	1							
1	don;t forget to go the cvs tomorrow and get the viagara. we both know you need all the encouragement you can get!!!dreams and visions boo:(	0							
1	"too right and what the hell does that mean? you're confused amsterdam, go sleep! and guess who i'm gonna meet tomorrow!?"	-1							
1	"kasabian - fast fuse just came on shuffle on my ipod, definitely showing my excitement for  on tuesday!"	1							
1	can't wait to raid cvs tomorrow for the discounted candy. #halloween	1							
1	dalken with rbi single to rf scores cofield from second. jags lead 11-3 with 2 out in the 9th. troy pitching change coming up.	0							
1	"however, he has confirmed breaking a chair in the duke pressbox, 2nd such destruction at a duke sporting event."	-1							
1	what up cm punk keep up the great work i love watching u every monday night i hope can kick rock ass at the royal rumble	1							
1	hey! are you going to noel fielding with us on friday?	0							
1	perron? really? gagner is no comparison. perron=1st liner gagner=3rd liner. one 8 pt game and people forget that he is a bum????	0							
1	chasing the northern lights by alan tan. nice article and photo in yest straits times - 30 oct page c9.	1							
1	nice drive chargers. rivers and romo face alot of same criticism from media romo has the 2nd best passer rating in nfl history #ignorance	1							
1	line up at #yyt to check in longer than a #tims lineup on a monday morning after the super bowl sunday!	0							
1	castle 5x06 sneak peek 3. (season 5 episode 6)  hahahahaha is it monday yet?	0							
1	"idk exactly who, but me and blake have like 3 people i think, we need to finish the papers by tomorrow at 3pm"	0							
1	nick diaz getting the start at pk for the 2nd straight week.	0							
1	this president talking about growing the economy is like billy cundiff explaining to someone how to make a field goal in the 4th quarter.	1							
1	reasons to celebrate:  forcing the turnovers: the game sunday between the new york giants and ...  #nfl #nyg #giants	1							
1	"lauren goodger may reportedly be in training for the next series of dancing on ice, but that doesn't seem to have stopped her from ha..."	0							
1	i should've been guarding parker on that last play. he may have scored but i bet i would've been on the right side of the court.	0							
1	capello bemoans language barrier in russia: russia coach fabio capello spoke monday of his frustration at the la...	-1							
1	"yes ga!!! i may not know how to drill, use the band saw or measure but i can make a cracking castle shaped birdhouse #a*"	1							
1	"anyway, i'll be looking the other way tonight. as you may have guessed, i'm going to a halloween party as joe paterno."	0							
1	"afc travel to blackpool this sunday to take on bathroom soultion in the lfa 3rd round, ko 11am at squires gate fc. #blackandwhitearmy"	0							
1	hope kevin frandsen is taking 3rd base for the phil's	1							
1	"nta viewers 7:00am on other tues 10,000 the viewers on this tues 7:00 50,000000"	0							
1	"\per team source the redskins will bring in some kickers for workouts tomorrow, after billy cundiff's poor..."	0							
1	flight with denzel washington comes out tomorrow >>>>	0							
1	ryan and i are fighting about which one of us is gonna hook up with phil's dog tomorrow night	0							
1	dublin on monday :d so excited! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert... plzzzz say happy birthday shauna	1							
1	it's monday morning and i woke listening to niggas in paris. oh man it's going to be a good day.	1							
1	"early bird  catches the strava fail.  bosses lscc club run sat in spartacus flemings, wheel all day."	0							
1	"if you happen to come online, know that your mccurdians trended \jennette on ellen\ for mccurdian monday :)"	1							
1	4 jan cracking the case of charles dickens the mystery of edwin drood and the madcap musical it inspired	0							
1	see this?  should be the next manager of in colorado or toronto.he joins  on the show tomorrow	0							
1	i have to go to chapel hill tomorrow and the #usps still hasn't contacted me or found my damn speech processors!!!! i hate the #usps	-1							
1	one day to go before initiations. feeling like jim white on august 30th... #arefreshersreadyforbane #shermanoff	0							
1	you may think you've tried them all but i'll bet you haven't tried taking on the challenge...   stop wasting time...	1							
1	quiz tomorrow: plot elements in \the challenge\... our current short story from the reading triumphs textbook.  #knighteng6	0							
1	acta on choo getting thrown out at 2b with 1 out and down by 2 in 9th. \you have give the tying run a chance to come to the plate.\	-1							
1	"saw two bill boards with christmas on them and cvs had candy for christmas, 22  more days til black friday"	0							
1	"capello had poor english in his first press conference and used a translator,by 1st game he spoke fine. cost isnt' an issue #trapout"	0							
1	i'm gonna hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow	-1							
1	"kyle williams has 'good chance' to play sunday for bills: 'dealing with an ankle injury, williams got back to pr..."	1							
1	we are excited to announce our next day on the green on sunday january 27th  - australia day long weekend! we are...	1							
1	"wisin & yandel record song with ricky martin, jlotimes of indiathe reggaeton duo wisin & yandel announced monday..."	0							
1	gutted about bellamy and smith  but we signed fulham player on loan until december 2nd and seen him on youtube he looks good	1							
1	"clemson plans to honor lattimore on saturday night. they are dedicating the final play of the duke game to him, when they take a knee."	0							
1	"i noticed all the huddlestone haters were conspicuous by their absence yesterday, particularly when he assisted bale for the 1st goal #thfc"	-1							
1	daniels good-humored on comedy show: indiana gov. mitch daniels was a good sport thursday when he appeared on \t...	1							
1	"awww now it's not non-partisan, c'mon. i mean, david letterman slaughtered bill o'reilly? not of fan of either but...no."	-1							
1	rumour has it cupid has you on a piece of string ! friday not sure saturday rumours are funky town in gants hill the big v	1							
1	anyone watching the davos game? someone told me nash may have hurt his shoulder. better not be true!	0							
1	making a sign for #kate's nyc marathon on sunday for  charity. what do you think? was never any good at art....	0							
1	"haha was brilliant, adam levine is in it but not a fan of him! and it was on channel 4 last friday, it's on 4od :) xx"	1							
1	and tomorrow is the day that david guetta will come to play at fort canning.	0							
1	"pakistan clears visa accord, india welcomes it - new delhi/islamabad, nov 1 (ians) a day after pakistan's cabinet ap..."	1							
1	lightweight might go to the royal rumble in phoenix in january	0							
1	georgetown is the move tomorrow :)	1							
1	"hi! yeah me too ;d and yes, i'm from poland and i'm 16. i'll see new episode in the friday evening. can't wait tomorrow ;3"	1							
1	this kid from work is going to belgium for tomorrow land	0							
1	\happy valentines day\ awkward cuz its def not february 14th in the u.s....	1							
1	"imo with gagner as you develop depth, 89 would slot nice as a 3rd centre."	1							
1	victor cruz is happy about his contract negotiations with the giants. tuesday on his weekl	1							
1	check out the senior bowl's 1st \scouter's delight\:	0							
1	"it's fab! spotify is too handy, i'm addicted. you saw florence and kasabian then! saturday i think, all days merged together haha"	1							
1	"nasheed, you have endorsed coni report today. please don't change your mind tomorrow"	0							
1	good luck to my brother from another mother  in his fight tomorrow at #ufcengland on fuel tv here in the states. #warkingsbu #asu	1							
1	san antonio cyber: cyberspace the new battlefield in tehran's war - vancouver sun	0							
1	look out for one (singapore)'s booth at fort canning tomorrow as we celebrate the int'l day of peace.  kids - and...	1							
1	michael jackson radio may be one of the softest stations. but got damn has some good jams.	1							
1	realizing tomorrow is friday then realizing you have bellamy first thing in the morning	0							
1	wow drew peterson was just convicted on september 6th for murder of his 3rd wide and they never found the body of his 4th wide smfh	-1							
1	"nov  1, las vegas massage gift certificates - las vegas massage gift certificates for the best massage anywhere in s..."	0							
1	"settingt the closing line o/u at superbowl for bagatelle shaded under, line may move to jan 1st"	0							
1	i wont even see you in work saturday !!!!! ;o nooooooooo!!!!	-1							
1	denzel washington & brian geraghty gear up for one heck of a ride in this exclusive clip from flight! see it tomorrow.	0							
1	"our wacky wednesday promo, is going a bit ground hog day!!! i say our  our wacky wednesday promo, is going a bit..."	-1							
1	just close your eyes the sun is going down. you'll be alright no one can hurt you now. the morning light you and i will be safe and sound...	1							
1	and tomorrow swindon town have a date with aston villa. villa- fans nervous? #stfc	0							
1	spending friday night with my main man charles dickens.	0							
1	watch out for nigeria  gej pre recorded speech tomorrow live from the tape via nta.	0							
1	"1st take talkin about the boys need a leader of men for head coach, which i agree on. lets just give ray lewis the coaching job lol"	0							
1	didnt the 49ers learn from the nfc championship game back in january?	0							
1	"i don't think cny will be hit too hard, but it may be utilized if there are any power outages #newhousesm4"	0							
1	q1 5:30. alex smith pass to kyle williams to the san francisco 38 for 6 yards. 1st & 10.	0							
1	game # 6  what group are they in dream high 2 =)   <<- like the page 1st...	0							
1	#drewpeterson  are you missing drew peterson yet?  lifetime is re-airing the movie this sunday.  it stars  *gasp*  rob lowe as peterson	0							
1	"the #moviesyoucantdislike the woman in black, let me in, the pirates of carribean except the 4th installment, the 1st twilight"	0							
1	meet the man making a documentary defending joe paterno:  (he may look familiar)	0							
1	i'm so gonna snatch up all the leftover #halloween candy at cvs tomorrow #letmeloveyou	1							
1	no thanksgiving in australia no halloween no fourth of july just australia day queens bday and christmas	-1							
1	finished signing up for the sat and act	0							
1	"happy valentine's day, artemis you remembered. come on! what kind of jerk would i be if i forgot valentine's day?for the 5th year in a row?"	1							
1	i know it's in january but i cant wait for the royal rumble #wwe	1							
1	what's worse than being stuck in a time loop of groundhog day? being stuck in a monday loop.	-1							
1	"if look at nates numbers, it's due to increased chance in oh. good o poll in fl may have helped too."	1							
1	monta ellis : \we can be between the 4th and the 6th place in the east\	0							
1	2012 nfl week 9 odds: the ravens a slight favorite on the road against the browns on sunday afternoon.	0							
1	"so plan for tomorrow, morning jits with frankie and tom, open mat drilling and specific train with my great friends then pho"	0							
1	"lololololololol im a sg on the bucks so im on a good team, but under monta ellis. whats your position? were you picked 3rd?"	1							
1	"we has our first meet in london from 1-4pm saturday, 3/11/12   then we have one in belgium on the  8/11/12 which is 11-2pm   be there!"	0							
1	"all i want for my 16th birthday are taylor swift tickets. no party, just tickets."	1							
1	nick diaz is da best! smoke weed every day and drop out of school in 6th grade! fuck yeah!	1							
1	"while leaving 4th block i saw joe in class, i yelled \joe\ & he came out and just looked at me. i interrupted him talking 2 a teacher whoops"	0							
1	"tom hanks and bill murray may be the two people i would most like to meet. well, them and scarlett johansen. different reasons though..."	0							
1	"october 17th - november 3rd, don't miss the company of fools performance of the woman in black!!"	1							
1	if jenelle comes to the game tomorrow... i'll die #missherlots #itsbeentolong #mybaby	-1							
1	"paper finished, cma's over, blake and miranda dominated, accounting hw got pushed to wednesday. going to bed happy :)"	1							
1	n vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday.: trainer wil...	0							
1	"#hulu jimmy kimmel live - axl rose, part 1: part 1 of jimmy kimmel's interview with axl rose.added: thu oct 25 1..."	0							
1	arrogant! came to 1st debate knowing he's leading in polls so he didn't have to prepare! then romney shows he can be potus.	-1							
1	"jason wu - lace, bandeau tops, harnesses and the debut of his 4th bag line, the carolyn #jasonwu #nyfw"	0							
1	the new york giants resumed their preperation for their game this sunday against the pittsburgh steelers with hurricane sandy leaving nj/ny	0							
1	"starting to think it may be acta now, but having a guy like hentgen would be great"	1							
1	friday night in & 'the notebook' is on.. better get the tissues ready! #lovestory #noah&ali #tears	1							
1	"from december 26th to january 26th. nyc until the 1st, nc and then fl."	0							
1	"bj penn, shogun, nick diaz and swick fighting on the same card...should be ppv but its on fox?? dec. 8th cant wait ."	1							
1	ryan's going to amsterdam tomorrow :( wahhh but who the fuck even goes there	-1							
1	knicks vs heat tomorrow. kicking off the season at msg.	0							
1	"last saturday, your phbmates in cebu, all performed some of britney's hits! basing on this picture, you'll have..."	0							
1	"wth apple? 1st i go to the apple and there is less then 10 employees working, i have to wait 10 mins to check out. wake up tim cook!!!"	-1							
1	"relaxing?u have a match with chelsea tomorrow.oh,i see.u don't wanna get owned by chelsea's youngsters like bale did.#shame #cfc"	-1							
1	muse on jonathan ross  brilliant.        we have some exciting news about muse to announce monday  from gotham records	1							
1	\ soul train\ oct 27 halloween special ft t.dot finest rocking the mic...crazy cactus night club ..adv ticket $10 wt out costume $15...	1							
1	"indians fire manager acta with six games left: the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday, endin..."	0							
1	"first day filming on dancing on ice tomorrow, should be interesting."	1							
1	i told you what me n asia din already but sunday we cud hit earth	0							
1	i have played through mass effect 3 16times and just started my 17th run only diffrence thia time is default femshep xd	0							
1	"it will be like sunday night in miami, lmfao"	1							
1	"i guess we'll see how far we've come on tuesday. i think, and fervently hope, that maryland will make us proud."	1							
1	so they should've ran the ball on 3rd & 7? blame cam all u want but flacco is the problem. elite qbs dont have games like that	-1							
1	"out castle sun. and staying there until tues. mother said \it aint safe up dere in that new york wit sandy all thru dere\ fvck you, sandy."	-1							
1	"we still got the likes of rooney, rvp, ferdy, valencia, scholes, young, evra and carrick fresh ready for you gunners on saturday. bring it."	0							
1	"since you're in asia, good morning! xo can't wait for november 11. :-)"	1							
1	the official announcement is expected wednesday for  performing at the superbowl! i hope that it comes out true. #fingerscrossed	1							
1	ray lewis was voted the 5th most overrated player in the nfl by other players?! its some hating ass mofos in the nfl	-1							
1	just like when k was a kid saturday morning and i'm watching saved by the bell! might even watch soul train @ 12	0							
1	"tickets selling well for northern lights talk with  on thurs 8 nov, 6.30pm central library. to book"	1							
1	"another awesome tweetup (this time in cebu) with a rafa-tard! great meeting you  thank you! see you, monday. zubuchon on us!!!"	1							
1	so apparently tomorrow is national kissing day. i'm gonna eat an entire bag of hershey kisses and call it a day.	1							
1	the dance parties at the boys and girls club are the closest i've been to clubbing. and some of the 4th grade girls can dance better than me	1							
1	just another reminder of my request for you guys to sing kingdom come on thursday... and safe and sound ;)	1							
1	kyle williams monday press conference: bills defensive tackle kyle williams talks about coming back from the bye...	0							
1	what's the difference in a \vow\ ( and a \promise\ (  #tcot	0							
1	wish fifa would make league results and tables a bit more realistic. man utd in relegation zone after 15 games and aston villa in 2nd.	1							
1	getting pumped for the #niners #giants game sunday. and i guess so it kyle williams	1							
1	tomorrow is halloween ........... trending? thankyou for the obvious lmfao	1							
1	#movienight tomorrow at the student union @ 8pm the movie will be safe house! #teamuapb	0							
1	starting to make our wicker  lanterns today for the bemmy winter lantern parade ( ion 8th dec )- get involved  free public workshops at acta	0							
1	"**(dm)** me the 1st  thing that comes to ur head! when u hear some1 say: one direction, harry,louis,zayn,niall or liam the boys"	0							
1	candy on saturday at 12 then seeing the boss that night with my mama... it's going to be a great weekend	1							
1	rehearsal wedding for my cuz  going on at pro bowl... big day is tomorrow!	1							
1	gotta have me a boyfriend by december that way he'll be good & mended by time valentine's day get here! lol! i need all that!!!	1							
1	because y'all have been complaing about him allll the dam time.. not like me since i was in 3rd grade parker has been my main baby <3	-1							
1	i just sat beside a joe paterno fan at the bank. he had a license plate that said with his name and a penn state plate. sucks for him.	0							
1	about to watch safe house for the 1st time... #redbox #latepass	0							
1	"i'll be giving 2 presentations @ the center for photographic art in carmel, ca on sat. 11/3   #photography"	0							
1	"amazon: extra strength hair nutrient tablets, 60-tablets (packaging may vary) by viviscal  649 days in the top 1..."	0							
1	"just thinking about couple days i had in august; stone roses one night then kasabian, noel g and the cribs the next. doesn't get much better"	1							
1	rockets have 15 assists in the 1st half. lin and harden each have five dimes.	0							
1	ha.finally i can add you in my circle and come to close to talk with you on 11/6...yeah.1st time to see real jeremy lin..so excited..	1							
1	"jennifer hudson, others perform at whitney houston tribute: just before the grammys in february ...  #fashion #style"	0							
1	safe and sound on 57th and 11th...hoping that they clean up sandy quickly for those that were in her path. love you all!	1							
1	would it be acceptable for me to write my free entry friday in ms. hughes' class tomorrow on candy	0							
1	i just did a shit load of typing. my group better call me queen tomorrow.	0							
1	"'sos' not an over the top comedy: ashwni dhir: mumbai, nov 1 (ians) forthcoming comedy \son of sardaar\ might be..."	-1							
1	hope you are wrong sir. and welcome back to jacksonville tomorrow for your last show here. sorry i can't make it.	-1							
1	happy valentines day ? i thought stupid #valentine was on the 14th of feb.	-1							
1	"smashing melons ain't my thingrt  okay, noel gallagher is playing in louisville on november 4th. who's going with me?"	0							
1	oh shit ray lewis may be able to come back. hopefully young cause if you ask me ravens would have won the superbpwl if it wasn't for cundiff	1							
1	so its  punk vs u at royal rumble may the best man win...	1							
1	"buzzing for the game tomorrow, gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards! bring on aston villa! #stfc"	1							
1	ac milan ready to make january move for chelsea full-back ashley cole: san siro side want stamford bridge defend...	0							
1	well i figured out that you have to get on the computer to make a league. the boys will have to help us tomorrow! hahaha	0							
1	okay so today is tatum tuesday! retweet if you like channing tatum!	1							
1	smh i'm just waiting on the black ppl to cuss me out tomorrow about denzel lol niggas!!!	-1							
1	"apple ceo 'extremely sorry' for problems with new maps: source:  --- sunday, september 30,..."	-1							
1	my mom just said she doesn't like taylor swift. i guess i'll be moving out tomorrow.	-1							
1	haha. you know i cant deal with athens after last saturday. hear their ignorant asses talk about the game. lord help me	-1							
1	"got a jennifer hudson inspired makeup look coming on monday, excited for the turn out"	1							
1	"i heard that ms. pink friday got tired of hearing mrs. canon bragging about her records, grammys, success and bs."	0							
1	"it's now or never, ita now or never! that is why he is the best of his kind. may not play for us but hats off to ray lewis  52 #thegreatest"	1							
1	have an appointment at the bellamy tomorrow... might be moving in there next semester #excited	1							
1	headlines: nadal confirms for mexican open in february: rafael nadal plans to play at the mexican open in februa...	0							
1	you too. we need you on sunday to knock the purple out of the ravens.	0							
1	today (july 28th '12) is milk chocolate day. bring it on. #milkchocolateday	1							
1	good luck to infinity's iain veitch who competes in the taiwan #ironman70.3 on saturday	1							
1	yes i can call it commitment because they are signing yet. national signing day for nba is july 11th.	0							
1	it must be thursday everyday cuz niggas is thirsty all the time	0							
1	rg is cleared for the vikings game sunday #goodmood   p.s. thank god we got rid of cuntsniff or is it cundiff?	1							
1	still time to order your #halloween treats! deadline: 2pm cst today (with overnight shipping) to arrive tomorrow! --->	1							
1	gonna meet the cast of spartacus on the 7th! i am too excited!	1							
1	you can't be serious you're acting as if parker just sat down for those rings. parker makes the spurs what they r	-1							
1	who wants to go to rugby practice with me saturday?	0							
1	"way to go.  i dropped my ballot marked obama off on wednesday in colorado, gives you a good feeling.  i hope co goes obama."	1							
1	neild to give cofield a break bcus he's an immovable object. something that the 3-4 nt should be. c. griffin is only in his 7th	0							
1	everyone talks about eli manning  being the best in the 4th qtr. jay cutler has the best qbr rating in 4th qtr in the nfl #getsome #dabears	1							
1	can channing tatum be a stripper again just for me on my 18th birthday?! ;)	1							
1	"i might go to pierce the veil at northern lights (sold out) in albany, ny - oct 31"	0							
1	victor cruz aint do the salsa all game...he's overdue....its the 4th quarter...its time	0							
1	think imma go see flight tomorrow.. denzel's the shit	-1							
1	he just brought his 2nd album out and it's at 1 in amazon download chart um	0							
1	i wanted to smack eli manning for falling asleep with the rest of the team during the 2nd half on sunday. hahahaha	-1							
1	"sunday's at 5pm cst, tune in for \the sunday blues\ on underground radio. an hour show with blues musical styles,..."	0							
1	"oiler fans are unhappy with, 45 points each season, gagner as their 2nd line c. habs fans should hate 28 point eller as a 2c."	-1							
1	no14 - den 34; peyton and eli may meet in the super bowl if both denver and the new york giants keep winning like they did sunday	1							
1	"why i decided to watch the notebook for the first time alone at midnight on a thursday is beyond me, can't stop crying"	-1							
1	fran says paterno was very congenial to the media in his early years. age & perhaps betrayal by media may be part of his rift with media.	-1							
1	fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me n my madre november 9? it should be heavenly	1							
1	"tomorrow, i wake up in cebu!!! :d so, i'll have to log-off the internet and log-in to real life for a while! good bye internet, hello world!"	1							
1	"cundiff got released. i think he's outta the league now, especially if that quote on the tl this past sunday was real"	0							
1	"we started losing america when the 1st liberal preacher began saying, negros had souls that could be saved,, see lev 25:44 thru 46"	-1							
1	"i cut 6th period just so kevin didnt have to be in art by himself, im such a good friend!"	1							
1	time for russia to win big match - capello: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to re...	0							
1	the new bruno mars song is wicked. it sounds like a cross between the police and michael jackson. i may or may not play it 14 times/day..!	-1							
1	"good morning my friends, wish you very nice friday with love, peace, art and mutual respect -:)"	1							
1	hot! jim ross and alicia fox will be playing in the kendrick perkins celebrity poker tournament tomorrow afterno...	0							
1	"these are 3 new avril lavigne songs from the 5th album:  1. hush hush: songwriter/composer: david hodges,chad kroeger & avril lavigne."	0							
1	may possibly like dream high 2 better than the original! #gasp!	1							
1	"c'mon guys fix this please, i dont want this to end up how diablo iii did.......        :.("	-1							
1	a thursday night with no waterloo road on! #boring	-1							
1	kendrick lamar may arguably have the best hip hop album of the year in my opinion	1							
1	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution..	0							
1	"rob lowe who portrayed drew peterson, now takes on casey anthony prosecutor: on monday it was revealed that rob ..."	0							
1	"have you picked up your december issue of wdc yet? it includes a full in-depth review of nikon's d600,..."	1							
1	"i'm not sure what to make of the paradise. it's like a story dickens may have written in juniors, crossed with 'are you being served?' #bbc1"	0							
1	yesssss it's true. wednesday london thursday luton friday luton. are you down. go hard 'our' go home (remember that) lmfao	0							
1	"on 1 nov: the duke of kent - president, will attend the mersey weaver district scout council presentation..."	0							
1	"axl rose is trending worldwide just because he sat his butt on a chair to talk on live tv and drink water out of a mug. bow down, peasants."	-1							
1	"looking forward to going to carrow rd tonight. last time we were there, bale scored 2 and we were 3rd. do not want extra time though"	1							
1	how lillian bassman images pair against the jason wu spring/summer 2013 runway show  #photography #art #design #fashion	0							
1	good luck tomorrow! i did it once. big david james and harry redknapp started the race. they wore bomber jackets...	1							
1	is she on the people's choice ballot? i've only looked at castle categories. but may have to venture out...	0							
1	working tonight is seriously interfering with the fact that its wednesday and the challenge is on #wahh #getmeouttahere	0							
1	"delmar johnson will interview about new release of book!  boci talk radio @ 10am cst on october 31st.  listen,..."	0							
1	"deal of the hour $2622 & up -- brazil, chile, uruguay & argentina tours w/air: through april  #deals"	0							
1	a reminder to all hong kong optimist sailors: you must pre-book your prizegiving curry buffet for sunday. deadline...	0							
1	seems my new ipod doesn't like kasabian very much- laptop has crashed every time it's got to syncing empire. 10th time lucky...	-1							
1	ben amos doing well @ hull city.another clean sheet v charlton.he says he's enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team f'ball. #mufc	1							
1	"ideal home show at christmas - earls court 14-18 november, has partnered with itv to bring dancing on ice to life at the exhibition."	0							
1	this like being in 2nd place at the superbowl.#mademyday	0							
1	this friday we celebrate/mock the love of avril and chad.	1							
1	this girl said the challenge has been filled on 21 continents. clearly you don't have to pass the 5th grade to be on the real world.	-1							
1	like if you're proactive about your health!   don't miss this sunday's live google+ hangout about genetic...	1							
1	ima order some tickets for the senior bowl in january	0							
1	amazon has just opened its black friday store more on business news by cheryl ceballos	0							
1	i don't want to take act tomorrow. ):	-1							
1	democratic leaders see this video report & the coni report & find out the truth on 7th feb in maldives	0							
1	grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston: whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle...	0							
1	i wanna go to chapel hill tomorrow night but its going to be so cold. i'll just go to work instead!	0							
1	shopping after the bell game saturday .	0							
1	dear  and  finally tomorrow dream high 2 will be aired in my country...finally i can see you again^^ miss u alot~~	1							
1	i'm going to the duke game on saturday. haha. duke. what'a joke they are.	-1							
1	"ready for the long drive to the boro tomorrow! if you are a past or present gsu student, you better be at paulson on sat! #beatappstate #gsu"	0							
1	"channel 4 30 years old on friday! d'oh showed some great programmes over the years, especially paul hogan."	1							
1	i started soa but couldn't really get into in after the 7th episode. but i'll definitely check out spartacus	0							
1	monday night football at #ciscos..win a chance at going to hawaii for the pro bowl !!! happy hour all night	1							
1	spain summons argentine ambassador in oil dispute - spain warned argentina on friday it risks becoming \an...	-1							
1	"monta ellis commits his 1st foul! he's cold with 2 missed fts, a foul and a miss to start q3. #bucks trail #bulls 70-60, mid q3."	-1							
1	guess who's going to your december 3rd concert at msg! #thisgirl	0							
1	niggas is having 7th grade fights on here you in high school i can't even deal.	-1							
1	davos coach del curto expects rick nash to return tonight. davos are a fairly bad 10th in the table with 9 points from 10 gp. #nyrangers	0							
1	i played rugby yesterday may have broken my finger but it was definitely worth the pain the game is more fun than i remember	1							
1	"every thursday i go to jesse black in casselberry, fl just for these girls"	1							
1	"dear spurs, you are out of coc, not in champions league and come may wont be in top 4. why do you even exist?"	-1							
1	"tomorrow...walmart, target, walgreens, cvs, kroger, whoever..i'm coming for that discounted candy...be ready for it ;)"	1							
1	dook tomorrow and on the 27th... the game we've all been waiting for... nc state	1							
1	"i recorded the wanted on celebrity juice so if anyone missed it, i'll stream it again on saturday if anyone wants to see it?"	0							
1	dishonoured is awesome! not quite sure where to rank it. journey and walking dead are one and two. i think it's 4th behind mass effect 3.	1							
1	the last place i wanna be going is jacksonville tomorrow.... ugh	0							
1	i smooth just set aside 2 stacks for the grammys in february.	0							
1	when my plane lands in jacksonville tomorrow my big head ass boyfriend better be at the airport :)	1							
1	going on tuesday against boro. should be a good game.  not sure about wednesday game. hope to go.	1							
1	"happy birthday sweetheart. may all your days be special, just like you. love, grammy"	1							
1	the dbs i get there name tomorrow and ray lewis is still talking bout u anit going in the middle lmfao	0							
1	"//played the 1st, never played the 2nd or other ac games, bought mass effect 3, now waiting for halo 4. idk if ill ever play ac3"	0							
1	i sang an avril lavigne song for the talent show in the 5th grade.. i loved her so much	1							
1	guess which star is the 5th most greatest women in the world and won many grammy awards and is a singer?	1							
1	nadal at the parc des princes this saturday!: big news! rafael nadal accepted the invitation of paris saint-germ...	1							
1	wildcat madness tomorrow! community pep rally! bell game! hope to see you all there!	1							
1	congrats to  as  mizzou beats kentucky 2-1! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 pm! #mizsec	1							
1	im sure you be even more honored whooping that ass of the champ whoever that may be at the royal rumble!! cant wait !	1							
1	"the destination of thursday's premier league was decided today, see who's gone into the hall of fame."	0							
1	nick jonas is my hero is trending :) i love being part of the jobro fan-family :) happy 20th birthday nick j!! enjoy! xoxo	1							
1	i just want all of you to know that i foresaw ricky martin being gay when i was in 3rd grade	0							
1	so tomorrow gonna stay for the game with israel yay:d	1							
1	ok! i hope jennette visit your city someday and you may have the chance to meet her :d	1							
1	"really? really? terry's guilt was well proven, tv footage was available. suarez was punished of the strength of evra's word. c'mon!"	-1							
1	so nta covered live the return of the 1st lady.	0							
1	records on the line as world cup race resumes - fabio capello's russia face portugal in the pick of friday's 2014 fi...	0							
1	i am the only cab at 4th and colorado.. am i in the twilight zone? better break my glasses to be sure!	0							
1	like larry bird in the ole' 3pt contest... tonight at the alfred e. smith dinner #romney went 1st and absolutely crushed it. #obamafailed	1							
1	this is the first time someone has offered to watch the notebook with me so i don't watch it alone for the 5th time..too bad it was my mom.	-1							
1	i feel like it's january because school just started and i am also suddenly very excited for chinese new year hahaha	1							
1	"channel 4 just said hitch hiking is encourage in nyc tomorrow! #wtf, #worldisending"	0							
1	i'm working overtime to elect mitt. 50 radio appearances down the homestretch. on huckabee national radio on friday.	0							
1	"some people go trick-or-treating but not many. we have australia day on jan 26, the queen's bday, boxing day..."	0							
1	"not with unlv, but my first game for team nevada is november 9th, as long as california doesn't cancel."	0							
1	sparks fly by taylor swift may or may not have been in the background. it was moment i'll never forget lol	1							
1	austin rivers strugglin he like 1 for 10 just got his first bucket mid way threw da 4th	0							
1	it's november 1 so you know what that means. you'll see valentine's day stuff at walmart soon. #celebratetherightholiday	1							
1	"now that halloween is over, read about britain's traditional guy fawkes night! remember remember the 5th of november!"	0							
1	janowicz was #221 in january and the win over murray today takes him to #46 - good year! mega potential! #36 if he beats tipsarevic.	1							
1	i'm going as scott peterson tomorrow and my brothers are going as sandusky and paterno. possibly the most insensitive party ever. no fucks.	0							
1	how's channel 4 celebrating its 30th anniversary? is it pretending the first 20 years when it was any fucking good never happened?	-1							
1	is an official news that nash and thorton will play in davos? are they going to play on 29th match? can i buy tickets from italy?	0							
1	anonymous asked: may i know the format of unboxing video? and is it for album only? can i do it for...	0							
1	"hi bob.'m fine.tomorrow is a holiday here, all souls' day 'n the 15th republic day,another holiday.now i'm a little busy ..."	0							
1	tune in at 2 p.m. tomorrow for a google+ hangout with our political reporters to discuss the 2012 election	0							
1	well we are very busy!!! i'm just too excited for tomorrow! cebu here we go!	1							
1	definitely should've cast someone other than  to play drew peterson...i wanted to be his 5th wife by the end of the movie. :/ #sexy	0							
1	"rockets today with new team of asik, jeremy lin, and james harden!!!! watching only 1st quarter then leaving to and party"	0							
1	okc thunder center kendrick perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury	-1							
1	\ghost of mississippi\ the story of the ghost that tripped eli manning on 4th down that fateful autumn night in oxford. #30for30	0							
1	jason wu with brizo the inspiration behind the ss2013 runway show  #design #nyfw #mbfw #fashionweek #fashion	0							
1	"hey, joe.  proud browns fan wishing you guys luck this sunday."	1							
1	wow!!! omg today for my 21st birthday i woke up and  follows me! i knew this day would come! thanks jennette! <3	1							
1	the memorial of his grace bishop samuel ... may he pray for us ... he was assassinated with sadat on the 6th	0							
1	saturday i buy my ticket for the #tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy! :)	1							
1	"dc tomorrow! stoked to see friends at american, georgetown and elsewhere. text me if you are free. #fb"	1							
1	you have a top 5 sg with 2 6th men. and you left off monta ellis	0							
1	"video of the 1st points for anthony davis, lin, harden, rivers, drummond, harrison barnes & jrich on their new teams"	0							
1	full of veteran kickers due into #redskins park tomorrow. no word on whether it will run over cundiff.\ watch it go wide rt.	0							
1	this is ball shit because i broken my ankle on sunday at football the army won't let me in for 1year thanks callum \twat\	-1							
1	"rvp shit on afc by moving to mufc, yet served them brilliantly over 8 years, will the fans give him shit on saturday? #cantwaittofindout!"	0							
1	"beyonce gonna perform \gift from virgo\, \listen\, and \dreamgirls\and jennifer hudson gonna come out singing \sun in the skyyyyy....\"	0							
1	nikon contest outlaws film images for first time (update monday) -  -  the rules for the nikon photo contest ...	1							
1	doing some serious sucking up tonight so i can go harry's tomorrow :(	-1							
1	excited to head to #florida tomorrow.  participating in the #tyrf #strikeforce to make sure fl goes 4 #mittromney.  #tcot #txcot #dallasgop	1							
1	"middle east online: washington - egypt's new islamist president, mohamed morsi, urged the united states late sat..."	0							
1	"if your thoughts are turning towards christmas & you live in bucks, i'm giving a talk on dickens & christmas at amersham library, 15 dec."	0							
1	"today match against ach ljubljana, 2nd game in the champions league!"	0							
1	the boys:   calvin watkins explains why sunday night games are bad luck for the cowboys and...	-1							
1	you sound like will ferrell on old school. \ got a big day tomorrow\! #soundsexciting #classic	1							
1	"the grey, texting, and looking forward to a useless day tomorrow :)"	-1							
1	"'no favorites' for russia-portugal clash - capello: moscow, october 11 (ria novosti) - russia's match with portu..."	-1							
1	"ice may still issue an nta against her, though unlikely. let me know if melany needs a lawyer in the area for #daca."	0							
1	"apparently tomorrow is nation kissing day. ladies, you're more than welcome to stop by."	1							
1	going to see kendrick lamar with  in jan :d	1							
1	i saw the drummer from frankie and the heartstrings in town on saturday.	0							
1	noel fielding may be one of the greatest people alive.	1							
1	"no not yet, going taiwan soon for training then passing out december 21st. looking forward to not being a recruit/trainee ha"	0							
1	breaking.. apparently jeremy kyle is set to star in the 7th star wars film by disney.  he's going to try and find luke's real father.	0							
1	hope everybody enjoyed ben amos at welton on monday? don't forget  will be at market weighton this coming monday the 1st	1							
1	hell yea bro the crew gnna meet up in athens on the 17th	0							
1	dancing on ice tour highlights on sun going to be good :)	1							
1	"spirit friday!fill the halls with school colors and enjoy a dress down day!  no pj, yoga pants or flip flops/backless shoes. you are poland!"	1							
1	"#7thingsaboutmybestfriend she is treating me to cookout tomorrow, first thing when i get to jacksonville."	1							
1	"anyone wanna go see #shedseven at boro on 14th december?? 17.50 each. let me know, i really want to go."	1							
1	"video: afp - gaza's hamas denies involvement in sinai attack: following the election of mohamed morsi in june, r..."	0							
1	november 16 breaking dawn part 2 is coming out who gonna watch it with me ?	0							
1	this time tomorrow i will be en route to san fran with my beautiful ladyfriend  life is pretty excellent.	1							
1	#halloweenfacts #halloween also is recognized as the 3rd biggest party day after new year's and super bowl sunday.	1							
1	i remember wen i saw u jan 10 2011 i was @ northern lights in albany and i was way in the back and u waved to me ilu follow me!	0							
1	austin rivers just scored his 1st nba points with 6:48 left in the 4th you running with the big boys now son (my doc rivers voice)	0							
1	he is one of the 1st names on mancini's team sheet and he was one of the 1st names on capello's team sheet and that says it all	1							
1	"us stocks down on greek crisis: us shares were closed lower wednesday, erasing earlier gains, after the market w..."	0							
1	"i'm sharing my candy with lyric, alena, dejanae and marquell tomorrow =)"	0							
1	brain is fried ... won't turn off ... feels like ground hog day ... may need shock treatments to reboot!!!	-1							
1	met  via google+ hangout on wednesday! so cool to meet someone that you've actually cited in paper :)	1							
1	"look at the countries we're playing, we were 6th seeds. also we're missing ched evans, bellamy, ramsey, collins etc etc!"	-1							
1	"february 2, aka groundhog day, we can pull it off, right?"	0							
1	watching \valentine's day\ for the 3rd time in a row...haha	0							
1	do you agree with me that spearing christian was your 2nd best spear???? after to that guy you did a spear to in royal rumble.	0							
1	thursday nights aren't the same with waterloo road #thereisnothingontv	-1							
1	its official....selected to play in the senior bowl game in mexico december 9-15. now i just need a few conflicts to go my way. #winnning	0							
1	"another beauty of a day in athens, greece. i trust you'll have an exceptional friday wherever in the world you are. much love."	1							
1	"ghetto at the center of the world: chungking mansions, hong kong"	0							
1	"jeremy lin picks up his 4th foul, all he does is turn it over!!!! pistons are hot right now folks!!"	1							
1	they better take joe pa to the pet semetary... they may never win agdin	-1							
1	hi eleanor! my birthday is next wednesday and can you please say happy birthday to me. it would be a perfect gift! :) xx	1							
1	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to #egypt	1							
1	for sure. tough lovers are playig dickens on the 8th if you'd like to join me.	0							
1	"activists demand release of jharkhand tribal leader: new delhi, nov 1 (ians) condemning the arrest of woman trib..."	-1							
1	\soul train\ party oct 27 perform by~t.dot all stars..drell~ + many more new kids on the block taking over t.dot	0							
1	"ufc on fuel tv 5 preliminary card preview: this saturday, the ufc once again comes to fuel tv. coming ...  #ufc #mma"	0							
1	\may your life one day be as awesome as you pretend it is on facebook\- will ferrell	1							
1	this may end up being more beneficial to us with cofield playing more naturally at the end spot & baker clogging up the middle.	1							
1	"search on for absconding 'rapist' footballers: police: kolkata, nov 1 (ians) police are still on the ..."	0							
1	acta gets the ax. wrote about him and other managers on the hot seat on tuesday	-1							
1	obama is good for israel: tens of millions of americans will go to the polls on tuesday to vote for a president ...	1							
1	los poboycitos debut 2 songs from the forthcoming cd tomorrow on wwoz 90.7 fm new orleans at noon cst.	0							
1	today is desperation day. if you know what i mean.	-1							
1	"hello, eleanor. will you please follow my account  for my birthday on the 14th? please, you won't regret it."	1							
1	"with the amount of chocolate i've eaten today, i'll just call it chocolate day. and i shall have one every yea- mon- week."	0							
1	republic day in turkey 29 oct fire work awesome	1							
1	art may or may not be the hardest class ever	0							
1	athens (reuters) - greek lawyers launched their defense of a prominent journalist on thursday charged with break...	0							
1	so i'm going round my mums friends house for food on friday and he just happens to be catering for jonathan ross' halloween party :-)	1							
1	"looool  plix leave ebuka alone, my own birthday is may 14, and before then is christmas, valentine's day"	0							
1	"mamata asks parties to oppose cooking gas cylinder price hike: kolkata, nov 1 (ians) in the wake of yet another ..."	0							
1	well by the sounds of it we may be adding gagner too. where are these guys all going to fit in?	0							
1	"nadal has not played since 28 june, when he lost to czech lukas rosol 6-7(9), 6-4, 6-4, 2-6, 6-4 in the wimbledon second round."	0							
1	"tbf it is, hodgson currently has the same record as capello and hoddle but a better defensive. this is his 11th game in"	1							
1	"just found out about the  production of \dickens performs a christmas carol\, surely a must this december."	0							
1	one of the girls from  is traveling to the game from germany tomorrow! help make her trip worthwhile!? :)	1							
1	i'll see you monday :3 fancy coming to a nerd convention in dublin on the 10th? ;d	1							
1	"can't wait to see you dec 5th, at msg in ny <3"	1							
1	back in rehearsal on monday with the woman in black after a summer with the sound of music.	0							
1	\ december 29th will show all the louisville fans that kentucky is the best\	1							
1	\did you see that andy carroll header? what technique!\ \c'mon! that's not technique. technique is passing the ball 5 yards 50 times.\	-1							
1	#howtopissagirloff stick a dead goat through her letter box on february 14th with a note written in blood saying \happy valentine's day\	-1							
1	maths re sit next tuesday but then going to my first ever champions league match at the etihad! buzzing!	1							
1	flight starring denzel washington was a good ass movie go see it tomorrow when it comes out	1							
1	diablo iii [full pc game] with crack: release date:  world: 15 may 2012 | usa: 15 may 2012 | europe: 15 may 2012...	0							
1	"gonna try using it with sadat, will evaluate my progress tomorrow at the library lol..."	0							
1	haha! this weekends crazy esp w/ mike working but i'm throwing you a welcome home 20th birthday 3.0 when you get back from fl	1							
1	first time listing to red: \does this diva think she's avril lavigne?\ 2nd - 54th time: can't.stop.listening.	1							
1	unless you got a throw back thursday picture with michael jackson i don't give a fuck about your faggot ass picture	-1							
1	inter milan transfer rumours: 5 players linked to the san siro in january:   inter milan  have started their new...	0							
1	halftime here at the san siro. still 0-0. can the 2nd half produce goals?	0							
1	that kind of year in kc. rivers over 18 fantasy its for only 3rd time of the season....for now.	0							
1	"i really like forsberg, maybe above everyone else. hopefully the pick isn't traded for sam gagner and a 7th rounder."	1							
1	i can't wait to here this negros explanation about monday night!!! smh un huh trust issues	1							
1	mehgan james from bad girls club will be in the building friday   to get an express pass go	0							
1	four -- now three -- tweets away from 9000. here's where i mention that i'm pouring wine for a friday night with diablo iii. #meta #classy	1							
1	ay but i have a date with colorado tomorrow!	0							
1	"well, a few news: gonna be at phil's studio with nachtgeschrei in january to record my first album with the guys...."	0							
1	come to the art walk tomorrow night to see me perform my original acoustic guitar songs at coni and franc from 6pm-9pm!!!	0							
1	mizzou moves back the start time for their opener w/ siue on november 10th because of football.  #siuenation	0							
1	jerzy boy janowicz over murray! what is going on in paris?! we'll have a new master's 1000 winner. no big 4 past the 3rd round.	1							
1	tell that leprechaun joe silva to make  vs the pot head nick diaz in december...	0							
1	bad times when u missed waterloo road last thursday when in tenerife and dont realise it was the last episode :( #notfair	-1							
1	an emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness? find out how with  in san fran in dec  pls rt!	0							
1	the duke is loose. duke johnson pounds it in for a 7 yard touchdown. #miami leads #vtech 27-12 in the 4th.	1							
1	"cool!!! there's a criminal minds season 3 marathon on, and tomorrow it's a castle season 3 one."	1							
1	"hold out hope for valentine, he may win manager of the year"	1							
1	happy thursday jennette from detroits #1 radio station wrom radio have a great weekend ahead we love a follow back from you	1							
1	friday night lights with mitt!  #tcot #tlot #bcot #ccot #gop #nra #ocra #sgp #teaparty #twisters #breitbart #israel	0							
1	"leaving for germany tomorrow : i keep repeating it to myself , somebody pinch me  !"	1							
1	"nick diaz may be suspended, but his manager is trying to set up his next fight, saying a match with josh koscheck..."	0							
1	bale doesnt celebrate his goal but races over cuddling dempsey on the 2nd. illustrates perfectly the bullshitting spotlight whores they are.	-1							
1	preseason! basketball! #kubball mt  cole aldrich will start in place of kendrick perkins against the rockets tomorrow night.	1							
1	sunday is turning out to be the day when i play temple run. social life is a joke only. forever alone lvl 100000000.	-1							
1	"mate, how are you lads enjoying andy carroll over there? can we have him back in january? we're a bit desperate!"	0							
1	qeii in woolwich. only 20 mins from home. :) my sister becky is going to come and stay sat-mon i think.	0							
1	"our  15 celebration continues with this long interview with jim white, who plays sat. at cats cradle for yr15."	0							
1	saturday's ufc on fuel tv looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of ufc 151. no surprise 151 got cancelled.	1							
1	"will pop down after work then, am only in murray on saturday! why it changed?  ps, fancy amsterdam?"	0							
1	"stop that my dude...\ dook football, even the sun shines on a dog's a$$ some days. #unc\"	-1							
1	dollar gains on euro amid greek woes: new york - the euro sagged against the dollar on thursday as the revised g...	0							
1	"he bet me 5 bucks the lions would make the superbowl, and he also thinks the superbowl is on monday"	0							
1	"big mix up people, channing tatum is not here, it's just anthonee bercik, autographs tomorrow."	-1							
1	tomorrow im doing a poll at 5pm-which series of dancing on ice is ur fave the celeb+pro that won the series will get a shoutout	0							
1	im going to lunch with grammy and kels soon then running some errands for tomorrow and studying for my exam	0							
1	aw ok cool..i'll know where i'm going hopefully by feb or march..signing day!!	1							
1	"i think ryan reynolds' 1st action role was in green lantern...it shows in safe house, he isnt used to it"	0							
1	born in february close to valentines. through all the heart pains i still look for love guess imma always b crazy	-1							
1	"i realize bellamy is a freshman qb but the play selection leaves a lot to be desired, option toss on 3rd and 7 #cmonman"	-1							
1	"rare, 300kg meteorite discovered in poland, biggest in eastern europe and may provide clues about earth's core:"	1							
1	tomorrow channel 4 is 30 years old. presenting the channel 4 #spotify playlist. what do you remember?  #channel4	0							
1	"hello aaron, will you be with israel tomorrow night?"	0							
1	thursday just aren't as exciting now waterloo road has stopped	-1							
1	i'm back in rugby on a sat but if i do play it will have to be before 10 like!	0							
1	ah bet you luv doin broadcastin wi me. all those lassies throwin thur knickas at us. evra mans dream.	1							
1	"potus was here in boulder today, with the same old stump speech. meanwhile, in staten island, his lower 9th ward:"	0							
1	kaya punya uang aje ! :p rt:  ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january (corriere dello sport)	0							
1	i think joe paterno went for it on 4th down twice in 40 years. #pennstate has gone for it on 4th down twice today. #dizzyinhappyvalley	0							
1	"smashing fifa atm won the capital one cup,1st in the league and in the finals of the f.a cup and champions league"	1							
1	"if san antonio continues to play like they did tonight with little help from parker in the 1st half & no ginobili, it'll be a great season!"	1							
1	eleanor at halloween { 3rd from the right }	0							
1	we get to dress up in halloween costumes on wednesday. sophia grace and rosie in the building ladies and gentleman.	0							
1	lorenzo beasley. he was killed on july 17th of last year on the corner of 53rd and king dr.	0							
1	"#thoughtsonmymind fuck joe paterno,fuck penn state, fuck wvu, fuck texas, i hope the steelers lose tomorrow,tebow needs to start & god bless"	-1							
1	\ all aboard... 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there.. #tweet_yah_later\ enjoy	1							
1	"have a great time tomorrow , and maybe can you come to belgium ?! :d xx"	1							
1	"lowry's getting $12 mil over 2 years, lin's getting $25 over 3 but $14.8 mil in the 3rd year. i'd say toronto got better value."	1							
1	"rugby fest at padang: november 01, 2012 3:54 pmtop class rugby action will take place at the padang from friday,..."	0							
1	rivers throw a pick on 3rd and goal. everyone here thought they would run the ball. bolts lead 10-0 at half.	0							
1	aston villa are a joke mate and so is your profile pic u may wanna hit the gym b4 u head to the bridge w your bitch slaps #jogon	-1							
1	"on wednesday, october 24, season 3 american idol contestant jennifer hudson channeled the upcoming holiday when ..."	0							
1	las vegas is my 3rd home and i'll be there after the election but the wynn just lost my business after the bogus obama comments.	-1							
1	monday is the tournament.  weight class negros. #whoboutit	0							
1	why every time twitter email me saying we found pple you may know its a bunch of niggas....where the hoes at  ?	-1							
1	"all ricky martin's fans interested in joining sips, you are welcome to do so. theme mustache 20oct sat tag under #sexysoulsinterestingpics"	1							
1	"love it when you have bale first scorer, 2nd time in a week #loveit"	1							
1	watching this drew peterson movie on lifetime just to spark conversation in miss mapes class tomorrow	0							
1	trip to fredonia in the works for this friday. looking to play on valentine's new table. msg me for more details.	0							
1	tomorrow she is  reporter at davos for geeks. perhaps she'll bring us home an internet gazillionaire instead	0							
1	"espn- indians fire manager acta with six games left: the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday,..."	0							
1	thank you to all of our parents& guidance staff for our annual academic signing day on thursday! i'll post photos soon!	1							
1	my birthday on february. my friends think it's for valentine's day but i don't believe so. :(	-1							
1	i can't wait for tomorrow. argentina wants see the video. sure it will perfect ! (: 4	1							
1	scorcher fest returns to the duke again for a huge day of live music! this years record 180 acts! sunday 18th...	1							
1	game 3 tomorrow!!! i'm excited in this shit than the coming pro bowl  haha	1							
1	"bill murray: yeah, on monday i am off to meet infinity ward about the next game, modern warfare 4, im doing work on the sequel to mw3"	0							
1	"sat here with a cuppa coffee, watching jeremy kyle with  #lovely"	1							
1	"i want to watch the vow, so guess whose gonna watch that tomorrow night,.with tissues?! ---->>> thiss girl :))"	0							
1	the  should have traded  for monta ellis and 1st round pick... #smh #bucks #thunde #bemilwaukee #buckspride	0							
1	if cundiff is still the kicker come sunday i'm starting a riot.	-1							
1	"she said that some day soon, the sun was gonna shine. and she...couldn't have been more wrong! my valentine."	-1							
1	i think i may know the story of the party nail. salina gomez jammed her finger the night before the grammy awards. i rock a party toe today!	0							
1	jeremy lin was a +23 for rockets in his debut. that's the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career.	1							
1	first the superbowl now revel will finally be released on dvd on nov 24th! my day is complete!!!! oh how i love my bey	1							
1	"i am going home tonight and sleeping until about 5:30 pm tomorrow, just in time to get to durham for the duke game."	0							
1	safe and sound at #flibs we'll be all over the docks tomorrow!	1							
1	i've just been invited to speak at the world economic forum in davos ( this january. thrilled and honored.	1							
1	"just #watched dream high 2 episode 1, i'll watch it tomorrow for next episode :d .."	1							
1	awwww shit i still got some new amsterdam in the fridge. mmhmm tomorrow after work ima need that before i go out	-1							
1	"we couldn't make it to jan though edd is 4 jan! i'm a feb kid & if it coincides with the cny, i only get 1 ang bao! bah!"	-1							
1	"oh, it is, tomorrow is jason wu fashion show!! you would love!"	1							
1	"thank you for the follow. interesting book you have in amazon, think i may check it out ;)"	1							
1	if they play new born tomorrow instead of ss i will throw one of the mouldy donuts in the flat at bellamy and his shitey roulette wheel	-1							
1	happy halloween spend it with bruno mars and shenanigans	1							
1	"on february 13th. \desperation day\ a magical night, when a ten has the self-esteem of a four and the depraved enthusiasm of a two. :bd"	0							
1	i smell a 2nd pro bowl for my boy! best safety in the league! shout out for that solid legal hit! #thehawk4probowl	1							
1	"i know thats what im saying lol tucker straight outkicked cundiff in camp, i'm glad he's gone. didnt he miss one in the 4th qtr?"	1							
1	i still know all the lyrics to sk8r boi by avril lavigne and it was my 6th grade ringtone. come at me.	0							
1	aye mah dude did you tell alondraa abouut going to the bell game tomorrow?	0							
1	ben amos doing well  .another clean sheet. he says he's enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team football. #mufc	1							
1	last interview in the city tomorrow then signing day!	0							
1	i went trick or treating every year of high school except senior year only cuz negros was faking. im going tomorrow too.	-1							
1	"i'm not the go out type. saturday nights are my \stay up all night with the fellas on 360\ night, but i think i'll dive into paterno's bio."	0							
1	doing a show in amsterdam? would love to see you guys play live soon! i might be in amsterdam saturday night	1							
1	sneak peek: check out the 12 freebies you can get at cvs on black friday!  link in the first comment:	1							
1	"afterwork social  s. king dr. from 4-9 saturday.  steppin,food, drinks.  5 days work and sixth day for relaxation."	1							
1	gagner has been in trade rumours since the beginning of the year. can't claim 1st on this one bud.	0							
1	"if you haven't seen your good giving guide yet, check it out online.  the challenge starts nov 1 - we appreciate your support!..."	1							
1	here are the five capital one cup matches tonight and some potential upsets on the cards - swindon to beat aston villa?	0							
1	"article 54: a bro is required to go out with his bros on official bro holidays; halloween, new year's eve, and desperation day (february 13)"	0							
1	channing tatum may not be that good of an actor but he sure as hell can dance #ayyyyye	1							
1	how are you spending your saturday night? i'm currently sitting crying my eyes out to the vow.	-1							
1	i think my mom might buy me the box set bc i've been bugging her about msg and i told her i'd give her $30 if she got it before november 14	0							
1	capello: i'll tweak lineup for azerbaijan game: coach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the russian lineup...	0							
1	"all i can say is that it was very unrealistic. the 1st movie was better-storyline, dialogue! and of course \the grey\ thumbs up!"	-1							
1	cant wait! coming to see you in february from belgium!	1							
1	"the boys will do promo in sweden today (november 2nd) and they will perform on sweden xf tonight, live stream here"	0							
1	tomorrow is last day for early voting in nevada. i am not inspired to vote early. i don't like many of the choices. most suck balls.	-1							
1	"oingo boingo (well, most of the band) tomorrow & leonard cohen on monday. #dudeimstoked"	1							
1	harry redknapp 2nd favourite at 7/4 to be next blackburn boss!! venkys please make this happen!!!! #makeredknapparover	1							
1	love that james bond montage at the end of super sunday by sky	1							
1	"jason wu & rebecca minkoff on friday,  lela rose, tracey reese, zac posen & derek lam on sunday some if the shows i'm excited too see #nyfw"	1							
1	"all 49'ers fans, go vote for  for the 2013 pro bowl.  you may vote as many times as you like."	0							
1	nba news:  the new york knicks will take on the miami heat at msg on saturday (australian time) in their season...	0							
1	"can't watch rafa's \i'll be back\ video til the end, it's too heartbreaking :( plus it just reminded me he was up 5/1 in ao 5th set..."	-1							
1	my friend  is selling tickets for the jonas brothers concert @ fort canning on monday @ $50/ticket. that's half price! rt!	1							
1	austin rivers is overrated i don't see how he came out in 1st round	-1							
1	is t it fake? the grammys nominations come out in december!!!	0							
1	"new basics foundation for january just listed, beginning monday january 28th - that's right, australia day public..."	0							
1	"andre's wigan warning: wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league, but andre villas-boas is w..."	0							
1	well aren't you good!  happy anniversary. may many owls serenade you with ricky martin songs.	1							
1	i'll see you tomorrow! i'll be with my friend from germany who came for her first hockey game! :) shed like to meet you! :)	1							
1	"our left side is the weakness, 1st game for young after injury and evra.. well evra is evra."	-1							
1	3rd day in a row catching my mom watching sophia grace and rosie #obsessed #shelikesrosie #seriousfan	0							
1	just walked by florida's practice field. they were blaring mizzou's fight song. i'm guessing so players will hate it by saturday?	-1							
1	a1 live in cebu at the waterfront cebu hotel and casino on november 23  #cebufinest	1							
1	today is our chinese july 7th valentine's day i hope you will soon find you that she wishes you to be happy  happy valentine's day	1							
1	sat here watching celebrity juice again 3rd time today with my mum.	0							
1	"you sure it was quo? they were the first act on, queen weren't 2nd i'm sure of it"	0							
1	brilliant result!! i think the winnings may go on our phone bill after i'm a celeb or dancing on ice if the rumours are true :(	1							
1	yay!!! we are front page on will ferrell's funny or die for the 24th time! check it out!...	1							
1	mid-feb at the moment. i'm hoping it arrives before chinese new year!	0							
1	higgins \great experience for the young group and to meet with premier league teams a real highlight\ \very young squad to play on sat\	1							
1	"bucks backcourt mates brandon jennings and monta ellis had a \little brother-big brother\ talk on sunday, as jennings described it."	0							
1	"\ dook football, even the sun shines on a dog's a$$ some days. #unc\ dook..."	0							
1	"yoooo  &  if niggas in paris comes on more than once on the 26th, might have to plank for whole night..."	0							
1	the 10th annual colossal castle contest has begun!:  the colossal castle contest is one of the longest running l...	1							
1	they should make february 13th desperation day.	-1							
1	it seem like it's national kissing day every other thursday! who tf made that shit up??!	-1							
1	"that's rough. you had 3 definite starts on a bye. also, flacco over newton? we have to talk about this on friday."	0							
1	same. i wanna go football really early tomorrow since we have the full day but idk what connors doing+if adams back from poland	0							
1	wow look at this another amazing monday \jennette on ellen\ in 8 place we do this for you we love you	1							
1	you are going to go with me and maddie to see breaking dawn part ii friday the 16th at midnight (: #okaaaay!	0							
1	georgetown playing jmu in \secret scrimmage\ on saturday while gmu does the same at marquette.  (h/t  )	0							
1	"harry redknapp tells espn that rumours he has an interview with blackburn on tuesday are wide of the mark: \no chance, i am playing golf!\"	-1							
1	"yes, anything possible, but u didnt answer 2nd question. why back to 67 borders? to make israel weaker militarily?if so,why??"	0							
1	deaaall lets do it on monday and get adalet and jenelle to judge! you might wanna start practising now :)	1							
1	im so excited for when you come to northern lights on the 27th it will probably make my life.	1							
1	yea gibbs to score the 4th for afc still	0							
1	wow my last rt. it's only been 4 years since verm's arrival. he's now captain and will make his 100th start for afc on sat. time flies.	1							
1	"goodnight bots! tomorrow remember 106 & park, mobo twitter chat, and david letterman with  good day for the bots!"	1							
1	sat waiting for the bus trying to beat my high score on temple run #justbecause	0							
1	"ed sheeran fucking loves minnesota tho by the end of his taylor swift concert, it will be his 7th time performing here, 4 of them in 1 year"	1							
1	why. do you really want the falcons to go to chicago in jan for the nfc championship game. go lions.	1							
1	this next superbowl is on my (21st) birthday. random fact of the day.	0							
1	"two worst players in plus/minus right now for okc are serge ibaka and kendrick perkins. stat may be soft, but it matches the eyes."	0							
1	count day tomorrow shouldnt even go ! winans is crazy -_-	-1							
1	ghost rider 2 is some bullshit smh it will be back in the red box tomorrow	-1							
1	endymion for the 4th time i blieve.! ahaha #teamorjan #clhrday	0							
1	"off to bed with sexy mr man, tomorrow morning watch out galveston here we come just made 100 jello shots"	0							
1	"\birthday cake\ is gonna be the song leading us into 4th quarter, count it."	1							
1	if u live near long beach consider going to  church 2 hear  sat  or sun  #boldaslove	0							
1	"if price fights either klitschko, they'll definitely not want him wearing 10 ouncers. may as well be bare knuckle. #price"	-1							
1	ok im off twitter for the night til tomorrow bomb squad enjoy ur night love you much!	1							
1	"thinking thursday: your affectionate worship will lead you into effective warfare! ~narda goodson, 2012 narda's nuggets"	1							
1	"print ain't dead yet cole, and i'm sure you know there's something special about sunday papers too."	1							
1	have you noticed rob mckenna looks exactly like the principle/april's husband from eastbound and down?	0							
1	3 hrs to go before the 2nd to the last episode! wherever you are josh bradley | david archuleta in nandito ako | alwyn ana rs in tv5 manila	0							
1	i want tickets to the thursday game heat vs knicks (game 3) hmm...	0							
1	"imma need brook lopez to get more aggressive on the boards. 7 feet tall, c'mon son"	0							
1	bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings. excited is not the word.	1							
1	had a good day overall :) can't wait for tomorrow to see the kids dressed up and zachary !!	1							
1	"getting my xbox back tomorrow! honestly can't wait! - my friends wants a competitive 3v3, see if cole is up for it man!"	1							
1	sasa will be having the first ever bhangra bootcamp on november 7th - 10pm at cif! only $5 to learn from our very own nacs 2012 champions!	0							
1	"centre suffering from 'policy paralysis', alleges jayalalithaa: jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa go...  #news"	-1							
1	eric arc elliott may be the best rapper in flatbush zombies.	1							
1	"lauren, sweetheart, how was your day on this wonderful thursday? :).....that better -.-"	1							
1	red delays new price anouncement till tomorrow 6pm. sounds like they want to dig for sony prices some more.	0							
1	july 8th... it's goin down at dar constitution hall... i'm gonna make this last part rhyme... mb y'all!!!!!	0							
1	"stasera ho guadato due film - 'bel ami' con robert pattinson, qual'e stato cosi :/ e la seconda film- the ides of march"	0							
1	"scott & evelyn swanson, both work for fema.  happy to host trick-treaters tonight, evelyn heads out tomorrow"	1							
1	"i haven't seen it yet, but alan rickman is permanently awesome, so i may have to."	1							
1	"cant wait to move to hawaii this saturday! promotion, new townhouse, new car & with myking... definitely a happy girl :)"	1							
1	"i had okc im playin online... the nigga had da knicks.. i was bustin dey ass then the 4th come, raymond felton and jr smith"	0							
1	ghost rider 2's a bad movie compared to the 1st.	-1							
1	when the best talent is on internship......  \ sony is coming to tp this friday to look for student talents!\	1							
1	"okay, okay...saturday ot just became worth it...someone came with porto's cheese rolls! yum!"	1							
1	oh and being the weird person i am ok going down to starkville late friday night	0							
1	westbound into the u.s.- ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada- trucks no delay -cars no delay	0							
1	"jr smith wanna be a starter so damn bad lol, nigga said 6th man of the year award is not what he's thinking about"	0							
1	today's future of news wood: free hawkeye lego toy on the cover of murdoch's sun	0							
1	"rocking out to good girl by  at the gym. how exactly does one rock out while on a treadmill, you may ask? well, it involves"	1							
1	"parma's 3-1 v roma: biabiany was offside on the 1st pass attempt, but the ball stopped on the wet pitch and he received the ball on 2nd one!"	0							
1	jennifer aniston & drew barrymore: fill in the blank!: at the 2012 lacma art + film gala on sat...  #hollywood #news	0							
1	i just saw degrassi cause i missed id on friday  your so cute !	1							
1	#NAME?	1							
1	i think she said shes coming to alsip tomorrow *begins texts all my ladies*	0							
1	"lmao how old are you? club bodi should be live on sunday, its 18+ tho"	0							
1	ahhhhh just got lauren's email!!! we are going to snap tomorrow #beready	1							
1	astrology numerology now host z. starman talks about the upcoming mercury retrograde that begins november 6th  -...	0							
1	bring it on cd signing and performance event w  tomorrow at 300pm. barnes and noble on 86th and lexington in manhattsn:-)	0							
1	club bodi may be out the question tonight	0							
1	"they say you are what you eat, but it's friday and i don't care! #tgif (@ ogalo crows nest)"	1							
1	haye: vitali deal 'signed': david haye still expects a fight with vita...  click-1st-link! 2win	0							
1	"if you live in the south orlando area, be on the lookout.  has its 6th site opening on october 30th near the florida mall!"	0							
1	"hey everyone! who's excited for cosplay casino night tomorrow?! it's in the center for social justice, at our..."	1							
1	ghost rider 2 is pretty shit.. i liked the 1st one in all honesty but the 2nd is badly directed.. the shaky camera style is disorientating	-1							
1	how much is it to get film developed at walgreens? anyone know? c'mon i'm your boi	0							
1	"#new #shit 10 things to know for friday: the u.s. postal service, on the brink of default on a second...  #new #swag"	-1							
1	heat vs knicks gone be the best series in the 1st round..	1							
1	"i'm going to halestorm at backstage live in san antonio, tx - nov 10"	0							
1	"10 ps4 launch games wed love to see. these are our hopes & dreams sony, be gentle with them: opm: a new console ..."	1							
1	playstation vita ordered. i should have it on tuesday and then lbpv the tuesday after that. :)	0							
1	"man, i'm sorry for the death of mr.mitch lucker. may he rest in peace."	-1							
1	"nickelodeon slimefest is on saturday 15th of september at the hordern pavilion near moore park feat. justice crew, stan walker and many more"	0							
1	"jinja safari have hiccups, catch them live this thursday with opossom and white arrows on the blind date tour"	0							
1	"just met with cj, banjo player in  come out to neighborhood theatre on june 23rd for the concert! you won't want to miss it!!"	1							
1	"are u in ny? do u want freedom for khader adnan? are u awesome? if so, u better be at the rally in ny, feb 20 4:30-7:30 at israeli embassy"	0							
1	"lil trip will be performing next week july 7th with  live at the fairground in nashville, tn"	0							
1	raleigh and fayette counties have been added to the winter storm watch from late sunday to late tuesday. higher...	0							
1	mass tomorrow then retreat friday with da homie	0							
1	"well, monsoon coming in from the north and the bomb squad down in midtown on the 15th. time to go."	0							
1	tomorrow is going to be an easy day. just show my bib cards for eng which will be like 25 mins since i'm last then get my test back in math	1							
1	"hey!  lauren (clarinet!) would like you all to know about this event hosted by bric!  hey everyone, so on sunday,..."	0							
1	just watched the what makes you beautiful video and i may have teared up. i shouldn't be allowed to be home alone	-1							
1	now gotta wait for friday for the knicks first game #3seed	0							
1	riri is the queen of shade. because her forehead blocks out the sun.	0							
1	then he makes his first career field goal for edmonton on november 1.  what a year.	1							
1	someday i'll have a party and that party'll be named \angelo's 18th\ yes after 2 more years. i just turned sixteen and i'm a college student	1							
1	its a shame i wont be able to watch the heat smoke the knicks tomorrow	-1							
1	on thursday over fifty countries and international organisations will come together for the london conference on...	0							
1	damn. i would totally buy the sun for this.  future of news again: free hawkeye lego with murdoch's sun	1							
1	"the u.s. postal service reported a $5.2 billion quarterly loss, says it is nearly out of cash.<-- sat mail will be gone very soon..."	-1							
1	are we still going sylvia park tomorrow?	0							
1	i have this group called the brits (nice name right haha) and it's our 1st monthsary today. mind greeting us? x	1							
1	haven't watched ttoa with eng sub yet. gotta sleep now. gonna watch it tomorrow. (~o~)zz gud nite tlist.	0							
1	played the song 'ain't no need to worry (album version)' by the winans on	0							
1	our se member the alresford community choir to share the stage with brit award winning  on sep 15  how exciting!	1							
1	nobel peace laureate jose ramos-horta warned monday that syria risked becoming a new somalia as he voiced pessim ...	-1							
1	may the good lord preserve you because you have put your trust in him. hallelujah to the lamb of god. psalm 16:1	1							
1	i'm excited for riri's 7th studio album \unapologetic\ see the album cover:	1							
1	i think that's standard now. it's actually an improvement. before they were saying the 11th. now the 9th.	1							
1	every thursday i fall more and more in love with maya rudolph	1							
1	open dialog is cosponsoring with globes to present to you \searching for social justice\ next wednesday at 6pm.	0							
1	"#wednesdaywisdom from the old  alsip sign: do it now, since it will be yesterday tomorrow."	0							
1	gunna snow. wc says winter storm watch till 5pm tomorrow .. it was 80*f yesterday	0							
1	"follow  and meet her on november 26. she deserves to meet you,crew & justin. she'll be at the bell center at 4!."	1							
1	"extra point is no good. its dsu 28, morgan state 20 with 5:02 left in the 3rd quarter."	-1							
1	i think matty may have just implied that max is doing a christmas song. or lulu. or durston.	0							
1	i have tkts to see plan b next feb- he has already announced his support acts- labrinth and rudimental!!!!this news has made me tres happy	1							
1	if you get ungrounded tomorrow go to lauren's birthday kickback	0							
1	"three times grammy nominated, brit award nominee and ivor novella winner joan armatrading takes to the stage on sunday!"	1							
1	im spending my hole friday wit bo we gone blow sme keisha nd grab a pack of blacks nd watch the battle of lebron career vs. carmelo anthony	0							
1	"hey  i have a concert this saturday at bedolla skater boyz in alsip, il at 6pm. any chance i could get you to show?"	0							
1	scrubbin to the max tomorrow cause i gotta work out and leave for a game.	0							
1	"oh, starbucks! please pop out anywhere in zc. may it be in vitali! i'll fly!"	0							
1	i keep thinking about the fact that mmg will be in lexington on saturday and i won't be there:(((((	-1							
1	who starts at qb on friday? i'd play nichols. have said that all year. he had a big q4 with key targets and has already played calgary.	0							
1	"hi ashley, my country,south korea like the us will be the presidential election on december 19 ^^"	0							
1	white arrows play the earl on october 9th with family of the year and the new cassettes. don't miss this.	0							
1	volunteering 4 the obama campaign this am! but i keep waitin 4 #olivia to come in yelling \super tuesday is coming people!\	1							
1	"anonymous' wikileaks like project tyler to launch in december: a hacker, who claims to be a member of the hackin..."	0							
1	"jamming aa, miss may i, and black dahlia murder all day #rage"	0							
1	richie hawtin - tuesday 10/30 - buffalo town ball room - don't miss it!	1							
1	"going to 3mph: a woman's walk around the ... at chautauqua community house on mon, nov 12"	0							
1	"erotic asphyxiation, evanescence, strip clubs and kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today! happy friday?!"	1							
1	hey sue. so excited to see you at wppi u tomorrow. we're coming don canada and would love to buy you a drink.	1							
1	this sunday the actual work is just east of edmonds. but there will be a couple of delays impacting all eastbound service^da	0							
1	"tyga's careless world moving down five spots to no. 48 with 8,300. headed into his 10th week, the ymcb rapper's lp has sold 199,400 records."	0							
1	"on my ym shit right now. just finished listening to i am not a human being. now going onto pink friday. after this, hello careless world."	0							
1	and the monstography bidding begins... silent auction closes tuesday 20th 8pm. who will be nz's next top mon	0							
1	its thursdayyyyy so it's ladies night  come out and get your thirsty thursday on with the bomb squad!!!!	0							
1	oct 9 1888 the washington monument officially opened to the general public. have you been to visit?	0							
1	today: sefton v  home 12noon - including president's day; 2nd xi v  away 12.45pm.  let's hope the forecast's wrong!	0							
1	\brandon weeden is going to be a player someday. he's not right now\ - ron jaworski just now on sunday nfl countdown #countdowntokickoff	1							
1	s/o to one of my clients for the season ticks! saturday we are live in lexington levels	0							
1	mexican llws pitcher just let up 7 er in the 1st inning. sign him up for the gary carter memorial team	0							
1	what do you expect thursday? are you going to pull out that mikey magic on duels day again? #hopeso	0							
1	u proved to be a better scriptwriter than shazia ilmi. #ramdev will end fast or move to ramlila where he has permission till 30 aug	1							
1	bring gta3/vice city 10th anniversaries to the ps vita!	0							
1	im embracing the oversized sun glass look with my new glasses. they are too awesome not to. i feel like jackie o:)	1							
1	so june 9th is the day. this is gonna be worse the the galaxy foams	-1							
1	"i certainly wouldn't be spending my hard earnt  taking the kids to see say shels 2nd xi v us, clubs will fold no doubt"	-1							
1	watch live streaming video of the pancake day activities tomorrow at  make sure you...	0							
1	no more mentioning of flatbush zombies. are you going to his concert tomorrow?!	0							
1	"other than lemon tea&lemonade. coke &pepsi are my 2nd favorites. as unhealthy they are, i cant/wont stop drinking them,they're just so good"	1							
1	#queen is worried about black m.hence #mumbai riot see#msm lies thin crowd @ ramlila on 3rd day: n	0							
1	francesco totti thinks roma will be unable to catch juventus & wants the #seriea side to aim for 3rd this season	-1							
1	such a cool thing you're doing! ubuntu bridge. i vaguely recall them expanding to zulu.. may be able to give.you a contact o/wise.	1							
1	"presents: dethklok with machine head, all that remains, and black dahlia murder! tuesday, november 13th at the venue at the hub!"	0							
1	one more day left in iqaluit. back home in ottawa tomorrow	0							
1	monday at town ballroom: richie hawtin with loco dice.  dude is so awesome.  tix still avail at	1							
1	watched the wiggles for the 1st time.  was embarrassed for those men & then i remembered that they are probably filthy rich. #parenting	-1							
1	was sat watching degrassi then came to the realisation that little things will be aired in a while.	0							
1	the knicks got the heat at msg tomorrow! gonna be tough but we got this!! #knickstape #gonewyork	1							
1	russell u beat me 2 it lol i was gonna tweet about the classical brit awards being on this sunday xxxxxxx	0							
1	"madison don't wipe your black lines off !! \it's like ash wednesday, you don't wipe that shit off.\"	-1							
1	"if i'm a cici's buffet, these mosquitoes are going in on me like obese catholics on the last friday of lent."	0							
1	how have i missed that today is national margarita day?!?!?  kinda doesn't go with ash wednesday.....	-1							
1	tonight's the decider -- will i be at the garden friday night for knicks/heat game 6? here's hoping for a miracle...	1							
1	are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning?? waaa im so confused ):	-1							
1	price: i'd take vitali fight: david price says he would fight vitali k...  click-1st-link! 2win	0							
1	my miami heat are going to demolish the new york knicks tomorrow. i am from new york. but sorry knicks!!	1							
1	indian ocean with  got 1.4m viewers on sunday with repeated programme about somalia. more than double much trailed show on c4.	0							
1	sarah g. day is now on its 4th consecutive day on the top spot. :))	1							
1	"blessed is the heart that bends, it will never be broken--- lucas scott good pre-bedtime oth after a busy day! can't wait for tomorrow #zzzz"	1							
1	"freestyle wednesday - #np big l, jay z, mos def, black thought, eminem, yelawolf... love it"	1							
1	winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area  until 8:00pm tuesday.	0							
1	"about india: auto production may end fy13 with 6% growth: cmie - mumbai: automobile production, which took a..."	1							
1	"good argument, however its a gamble that won't pay off, worse still i think the constitution has a deadline of dec 4th"	-1							
1	i saw katie price was at the haye / chisora fight-now she's going to be @ the olympic boxing training venue on saturday - sparring!!	0							
1	my background on my phone is this totally hot pic of jennifer aniston when she was like in the 3rd or 4th season of friends.	0							
1	"yeah bro! girls gone wild is hosting a party friday hahahah. make sure your in shape before bootcamp, otherwise it will suck."	0							
1	"sony's putting out a new ps3 firmware update on tuesday that finally lets you see your ps vita trophies on ps3. about ****ing time, sony."	0							
1	who wants to see maya rudolph sing prince with my thursday night	0							
1	i love nz was there in feb have friends with vineyard which is useful!! in nelson lovely part of nz!	1							
1	"first 24 hours in london got given a free rail card, saw 3 squirrels going to work, may have found a home & there's big alan rickman posters"	0							
1	"gm fbf, let's go ole skool today...the winans, the choices 1) tomorrow 2) uphold me or 3) bring back the days, the voting begins now!"	0							
1	"check  timeline mate, looks like we'll find out if we found the gym. if vitali steps up we may have to go too"	0							
1	\ c'mon leo where's endymion....... or amsterdam i know he likes amsterdam.\ those songs are shit compared to the ones i put	-1							
1	a train from naples to milan made an unscheduled 40-minute stop at parma on tuesday - to drop off the roma squad ahead of tonight's game.	0							
1	we closing out the knicks tomorrow	0							
1	just got the call the magazine is ready for pickup get your copy at the \hands that heal fashion show\ nov 4th mr. reggie 404-246-9582	0							
1	"gowns at the ready girls, q4 update tomorrow!"	0							
1	i just need to chill. can't wait to unleash some aggression at black dahlia murder tomorrow. #gonnaendalife	-1							
1	so ready for my birthday. (((: the big sixteen! #sweetsixteen november 22!	1							
1	"the pretty reckless, my chemical romance, a day to remember, 30 seconds to mars, hey monday,  evanescence, mcfly etc .."	0							
1	"if you're calling this little thing right here a \party\ then friday night's gonna be project x, y, & z."	0							
1	"the sun is out for president's day! today will be a good day, perfect way to finish the cricket season."	1							
1	wppi starts the 19th i believe.  that's why i'm flying out the afternoon of the 18th.	0							
1	rita oras on xfactor on sunday which means she'll sing shine ya light which i love which makes me happy!:-)	1							
1	just caught the last few minutes of  track endymion on  great track to get ready for work with. its my friday!!	1							
1	richie hawtin - monday night - buffalo town ballroom - don't miss it!	1							
1	"so many shows in the near future: metafest, royal teeth, m83, white arrows, grouplove, sweetteapumpkinpie music fest and taking back sunday."	0							
1	dr jan radio 2ue tonight with david oldfield re  kevin rudd's sad loss of family cat. pets deserve honouring cos they love  unconditionally.	-1							
1	real test for #bayern this weekend against the in form bayer leverkusen. a win at home on sunday will go a long way towards a 15 win streak.	1							
1	i just used #shazam to discover tomorrow by the winans.	0							
1	just watched the 1st ever elimination chamber match i had no idea it was an hour long till it ended.	0							
1	i just bought two tickets for the sacramento kings season opener on monday! hyped.	0							
1	rondo should be glad the all-star game isn't hosted in dc with those galaxy foams on.	1							
1	i'll make my bid for the adidas predator tomorrow godwilling...	0							
1	some of the calgary runners heading to nyc are going to be cleaning up debris on friday at rockaway beach. great story.	1							
1	"dam. cant wait to get back. i come home tomorrow night, but leave the next day for elon university in nc"	1							
1	"help me smart peeps:  i need to get from the city to alsip, back to the city on a friday night.  cheapest way to go? (it's for a wedding)"	0							
1	make sure everyone comes out to our first opener practice tomorrow at 6:30 at the murphy center in dance studio b!!!	0							
1	just whooped some ass in kill confirmed with  and  tomorrow its back to makin kats cry in gears3	1							
1	katie... ha tomorrow is her last day	1							
1	"he's only 4th best british fighter, never mind world champ. 1.haye 2.fury 3.chisora 4.price."	0							
1	i would like to trade president's day and columbus day for the day after the super bowl and july 5th please.	1							
1	i have to wait till sunday to see carmelo anthony and the knicks debut?	-1							
1	flying in to calgary tomorrow.  i can't wait to meet you at your loft. best stay in or get out of dodge this weekend. #sayno	1							
1	"on september 5th, the finder reaches italian tv (with the worst title translation ever). finally!!! :d #finder #risolutore #sky"	1							
1	"according to the radio, rihanna's birthday cake is the official 4th of july anthem. sounds about right."	0							
1	heat vs knicks next wednesday #damn thats too far away why not play again tomorrow and just get it over with #comeonman	-1							
1	"jennifer aniston, justin theroux high end shopping; time to decorate the crib: tuesday, e! online shared the vid..."	0							
1	excited about the bump in ram for raspberry pi. such a nice surprise for a monday. : )	1							
1	i get to procter the psat with my homie  tomorrow!!! it only took them three years to partner us up lol	1							
1	anonymous to wikileaks: we're more interested in transparent govts & bringing out info they want to hide from public.	1							
1	bayern munich goalkeeper manuel neuer shows he could play in midfield v bayer leverkusen: bayern munich may have...	0							
1	porto is even more amazing as the sun sets...	1							
1	heat vs knicks first round of playoffs tomorrow!!! #lebron#wade better bring it!!!	1							
1	i guess knicks/heat is on for now. pretty clear that tomorrow's game wasn't going to happen.	-1							
1	"follow  , on november 26, find her outside the bell center and meet her. please? <31"	0							
1	1/2 white? does'nt matter;malcolm x may hv been as well.still no specifics.u ppl don't hv ideas except make bombs killem all	-1							
1	#nowwatching infinite's weekly idol with eng sub! <<< it's their 3rd time going to weekly idol! :dd	0							
1	last day in jeddah. will be in brunei tomorrow night. and then surabaya the following night. and then bali the night after that. whee!	0							
1	"the brits may find the feminised versions of professions offensive (actress instead of actor), the germans are proud of theirs. #randomshit"	0							
1	just finished watching nandito ako for the 2nd time around  we wait for david archuleta	0							
1	"cba for work this weekend, wana be a sloth on sunday with  and"	0							
1	tears of the sun is wayyyyy better than act of valor	1							
1	happy birthday to the coolest golfer in bali!  !! :) may you become cooler and cooler everyday! stay humble little sister! xx	1							
1	me&   going to phuk the city up sept 15. we taking it back to fairground for #battleofthesexes lets see who rock men/women	0							
1	"\ im sooo glad we dont have school monday , imaaa sleep all day man .\we don't!!?????"	1							
1	"watched unofficially yours with richard mark morcella, his partner and jaja abastillas"	0							
1	"who's appearing at the houston livestock show and rodeo come march? that is, other than george strait?..."	0							
1	there are now only eight tickets left for  's november 5th show at the leicester square theatre.. get in quick folks!!!	0							
1	if you love to dance i hope to see you supporting this event. saturday. all info on the flyer!	1							
1	*raises hand*rt  \tomorrow\ by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning... wonder who needs to hear it!	0							
1	"november 3rd-norfolk, va-norva theatre (nas only)november 4th-washington,dc - dar constitution hall......for you concert seekers out there !"	0							
1	those who justified mumbai police's incompetency for aug 11 are the same ones who supported delhi police's action at ramlila...!!	0							
1	"two birthday cakes! one with jelly beans! i wonder what kind of birthday cake the 2nd one was? goodnight kina, emi, and misa."	0							
1	show at iu was live! chicago tomorrow @ reggie's with  & boldy blocks!	0							
1	but foreign intervention isn't helping but i think qabiil is doing hefty damage in somalia. it divided us in the 1st place	-1							
1	"spurs win the opener!!! n.o. gave them a good fight, awesome 4th qtr!"	1							
1	"from facebook, thursday is margarita day at sandy springs! on the rocks or frozen, for $4.50! nfl, college football, baseball n more!..."	0							
1	the knicks vs nets game got moved all the way to the 26th damn	-1							
1	"what lies have they told? catholics may have been 'ethnically cleansed' in some areas but protestants got it worse, no..."	-1							
1	"talk about the history of valentine day: every february 14, across the united states and in other places around the..."	0							
1	may i get a lucas scott for a sleepover tonight? please! #dalalwantslucasscott	0							
1	"ash wednesday lyric~ she shouts to the east god u better have something better for me cause if this is it, well i want better than this..."	1							
1	i just got back from hawaii on monday and i'm feeling sick too.	-1							
1	"mncim, the rain that stopped last saturday's game wasted our time waitse! maybe ss4 would be playing something better tonight."	-1							
1	"when i see reactions to stories about \benefit scroungers\ and the \lazy poor\ in the sun, i wonder if murdoch is a latter-day pavlov"	0							
1	"kinda sucks, he missed my classes graduation over something he may or may not have done"	-1							
1	"i'm singing what makes you beautiful for a school performance tomorrow! wish me luck? any advice? follow? lol love you, niall"	1							
1	"aug 30! toads place, new haven ct. myself, m.a.r., jitta on the track, danimal lector and more!"	0							
1	"i'm going to babaman at vidia in cesena, italy - dec 22"	0							
1	i'm dropping becca off tomorrow and then going to ash	0							
1	dear giant fans please find another way to get to the parade on wednesday. i do not want to see u on caltrain! #2010memoriesofhell!!	-1							
1	england''s patel stakes test claim with century: mumbai: samit patel hit a century on thursday to make a strong ...	0							
1	valentine day has been cancelled..what? why? how? you may be asking. but you see it's simple math.. 14-2-12 =0	-1							
1	are you guys as ready as i am for riri 7th album .... come on november 19 :) #rihannanavy  rihan	1							
1	brook lopez with a double double in the 3rd #netsnation	0							
1	"the skinny: breezy may be getting it from riri and ex, kt. getting that cake! cake! cake! and eating it too. <3..."	0							
1	i can't wait for the heat game tomorrow; heat vs knicks!	1							
1	if this is the end for  i once again have to commend  for his emotional gary carter memorial show in february	0							
1	omg!!! ramin and sierra performing phantom of the opera at the classical brit awards televised on sunday itv at 10.30pm!!!! :d	0							
1	"seven has 6 shows in top 15, abc 2nd with 5, nine third with 4. ten and sbs rate 0."	0							
1	you bet! and  & i will have best seats in the house on mon.	1							
1	from a call to prayer for america saturday at the washington reflecting pool with the washington monument in the...	0							
1	first time i ever heard ss was in 6th grade and i actually loved it. i didn't know the song at the the time so i couldn't continue to listen	1							
1	we are having a politics and pancakes program in the building next tuesday night--you are welcome to come!	1							
1	world war 3 has been going on in my house since monday. how long do these things usually last?	-1							
1	could be one of the greatest nights of my life carmelo anthony winked & acknowledged me twice and sat 2 rows back at the knicks game! #ca7	1							
1	"proud of aishwarya's french honour: big b: mumbai, nov 2 (ians) megastar amitabh bachchan says he is proud that ..."	1							
1	"short hair is back! check  it out. (clockwise) alicia k, riri, miley c and twiggy the 1st skinny model.  #pi"	0							
1	lack of communication from #nycdoe very frustrating regarding reporting time for work tomorrow.  thank you #uft and  for info	-1							
1	***thursday night friday night dinner special***  salmon & jumbo shrimp 15.95 whole fish (porgie) 1.5lb with lemon...	0							
1	"got new aesop rock, master ace & doom, nas, flatbush zombies, jon connor, & cyhi ready for the flight tomorrow, been sleepin on lots of shit"	0							
1	foreign commentator award at the #commentawards goes to the late marie colvin of the sunday times	0							
1	intermission fc took a big step towards the title with a hard fought 1-0 win over fellow table toppers the real ajax on monday night.	1							
1	tomorrow is a good day to listen to lamb of god. hahahaha.	1							
1	fuck...i forgot the nets opener is moved to sunday and i gotta go with my dad...i have to drive home from find fast... #rushingflow	-1							
1	"kuun fastest so far on ss4, williams 2nd and fekken 3rd. cronje still leads but the gap is now 8sec from habif #sarally #pr"	0							
1	might as well go ahead and download the parade tracker app. think a zulu float may show up before the bus.	0							
1	lmaooo that's def in ajax. i guess i'll give it to ya in december :)	1							
1	"astrology may be a blasphemous concept to some, but i am the absolute epitome of my sign. every last detail."	1							
1	"memorial day, president's day, monday, any day seems to be the right day to see independence day on t.v."	0							
1	\ drop !t vol. 3 charlotte's biggest blacklight party this fri. at neighborhood theatre!\ damn i wish it was in ralz	-1							
1	\senran kagura for ps vita may be the most advanced breast physics system with complete costume destruction comparing the 3ds counterpart\.	1							
1	friday is cold but here.  how are you guys doing?  win evanescence tickets plus stone sour's new album in about 15 minutes...	0							
1	i forgot plies gone be at the moon tomorrow	0							
1	diet starts tomorrow..too bad i'm too jam packed busy to go to the gym	-1							
1	"with the election right around the corner, rrfp is pleased to announce super tuesday!  get an additional 5%..."	1							
1	"first, *rondo. 2nd, you know who's higher? darko millicic, lebron james, carmelo anthony, etc."	0							
1	#NAME?	-1							
1	the season opener for the new york knicks is now miami @ new york on friday. that's how it should be.	0							
1	"and i live in zachary, but i might try to stay with someone next friday."	0							
1	come over tomorrow? :) my mom isn't staying there with me she has to stay with the big dogs at the old house until gordon	1							
1	my assasin's creed join or die edis coming tomorrow with  ps vita liberation's. but i want to play xbox 360 version first! #ac3 #aciii	0							
1	the last lecture of the day on a monday to me is like pancake day for fat kids #dreamy	1							
1	did you just tell me lucas scott leaves in the 6th season of tree hill with peyton to travel the wolrd?#youjustruinedmylife #fuckyou	-1							
1	"parsons also confirmed w/ tw reporter abt jlin's popularity, also 'promised' he'll visit taiwan next yr"	0							
1	"having family pictures done on saturday with my 4 favorite girls! hannah, katie , shan and my tam! can't wait! life can't get any better!"	1							
1	"for those wondering about when/if murray state's zay jackson will play this year -- last friday, msu ad allen ward said ... (cont)"	0							
1	it's presidents day at the white house thursday. barack obama hosts george w. bush for unveiling of portrait. george h.w. bush there too.	0							
1	"get your sweat suits! it's november and its time to lax! practice tonight, game at  tomorrow. #fallball"	1							
1	aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent? apply for the marie colvin scholarship	0							
1	"but if he shaves again like at elimination chamber earlier, i may have to hit him!"	-1							
1	who going to club bodi tomorrow	0							
1	can't wait to see carrie underwood on the 27th	1							
1	i wish mitt quit all this lying about what they can do.  if mr was such a great leader he would've sought a 2nd term in mass.	1							
1	#tamilnadu bear with me for the power crisis: jayalalithaa: chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the...	0							
1	manuel charr looks confident ahead of saturday clash vs. vitali klitschko: charr didn't look scared as he stared...	1							
1	golf on sunday with   and  is going to be more one sided than klitschko vs	0							
1	march 3rd 2010 -do you think kevin rudd is superficial?  yes 85.3%(6513 votes) no 14.7%(1122 votes) rudd being revealed as a failure #auspol	-1							
1	banana walnut pancakes and a side of  sausages. slide up to the counter for a soda fountain  sunday brunch. enjoy!	1							
1	"some of the advertisers jan has worked with include canon, nike, procter"	0							
1	pastor winans will always be cool wit me because 'tomorrow' by the winans is one of my fav gospel songs!  and he sent my nippy home right!	1							
1	"big fan of the holidays that just involve partying: st. patrick's, 4th of july, halloween, presidents day, etc."	1							
1	centre for social justice report on gangs - one year after the riots.  #d policy may have exacerbated problems.	-1							
1	bro you all confirm going to see jlin tomorrow ?	0							
1	wow toowoomba tomorrow with stan walker!!:) so good	1							
1	are you going to the pack ad tomorrow in edmonton?	0							
1	deca meeting tomorrow in the media center at 7:30am. we have a lot of stuff to talk about and breakfast will be provided!	0							
1	making an effort to use my ps vita a bit more. only use it for fifa  at the moment! gonna give a few demos a try. 1st silent hill bom :-)	0							
1	"*as i sat and thought* i lied. total praise, thank you, then the winans joints"	1							
1	i would take a ride to the n.o. tomorrow if #oomf says the word #subtweet .....	0							
1	i haven't worn makeup since ash wed. ;o <3 i don't like it anymore .	-1							
1	good luck to scouser & soon to be klitschko destroyer  tonight in the echo against  - '12th career ko tonight'	1							
1	"it's nov 2nd, at mumbai int'l airport with  . leaving india in 2 hours. mixed bag of feelings. #timeflies #bittersweet"	0							
1	the first coolamon rodeo is coming up on november 17! a great day of action and a fun day for the family!	1							
1	"wow. marcos had no vp during martial law, but enrile is the 2nd most powerful man in the philippines then."	1							
1	"perry: morgan state is beating howard, 7-0 at the end of the 1st quarter of howard's homecoming football game."	0							
1	"much of last season, too, esp 2nd half. tho i loved jack white, and mick jagger with arcade fire / foo fighters was amazing."	1							
1	i really wanted to go see plies tomorrow but all the ratchets gone be in there so i'll pass lol	0							
1	"can you get more canadian than  25th anniversary tour across canada in frigid january and february, including a stop in iqaluit?"	0							
1	my xbox live ends tomorrow :( mw3 and gears3 all day! hit me up!	0							
1	this is the 2nd time i've seen a niqqa wear galaxy foams	0							
1	tomorrow haunted house with sam kaitlyn marisela yesinea marcos and maybe walter and katie xd	0							
1	i challenge katie to stick pins in my eyes tomorrow. i dare you.	0							
1	"remember, 1 november is the solemnity of #allsaints: a holy day of obligation.  be sure you assist at mass or it's a mortal sin. #catholic"	0							
1	be looking for us this friday @ elon university for campus fest! learn more about the loft and check out how you can win the new kindle fire	0							
1	"shaquille o'neal all-star comedy jam @ dar constitution hall sat. 8pm nov 3, 2012 washington dc.. looks like it will be a great show!!"	1							
1	support: we're excited that stan walker & advocates are running for the kids the sun-herald city2surf soon!...	1							
1	"thinking neighbors probably don't have work tomorrow. so, it's cool if i turn up the judas priest and just rock out all night, yeah?"	1							
1	"i'm going to richie hawtin at gasworks in amsterdam, netherlands - oct 19"	0							
1	"although i'm not a big fan of ss, all my respects to mitch lucker. may you rest in peace."	0							
1	going to south korea or japan for research in my 7th semester..wow it'll be amazing #faith	1							
1	"sunday times launches the marie colvin scholarship, seeking future foreign correspondents, under 26. deadline sept 30:"	0							
1	"music of the sun, a girl like me, good girl gone bad, rated r, loud, talk that talk and finally _________?"	0							
1	the video of porto \oportonity city\ won the 1st prize in category cultural tourism in art&tur international tourism film festival...	0							
1	even though nike is 10x better than adidas i'm still going to the adidas employee store tomorrow	1							
1	good luck to joseph calleja tonight at the brits. see he's appearing at the royal  festival hall on friday 11 jan in raymond gubbay concert	1							
1	annie hasn't finished the high water marks but ash wed is under  bayford oyster co #sandy	0							
1	"wppi and vegas bound, but have to be up tomorrow at 5:30am, s.o.l....maybe catch some zz's on the plane."	0							
1	monday morning caltrain ride from home to work is always to short. i know that i may be in the minority with that opinion.  #fb	-1							
1	a group of your co-workers have decided to write you in for president on tuesday.	0							
1	o ok they got me off today wed &friday but ima talk to zachary to see if i can work split shifts the rest of the week	1							
1	after 2 days #fuckuover is the 20th most played song on my ipod. only another 400 or so plays til it beats what makes you beautiful	0							
1	"king cake and boudin for breakfast. yep! i'm in southern louisiana, where the weather is warm (not hot) and sunny. wine tasting tomorrow!"	0							
1	friday's the main day!!!! knicks vs heat	1							
1	so here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from san fran #americascup world series. watch it fri 0930 on ss4...	1							
1	anybody not taking the psat want to go to original house of pancakes tomorrow morning?	0							
1	best year ever it will be! i am tossing the idea of hawaii around for mid jan to mid feb. but california dreaming for suuure	1							
1	"late night with jimmy fallon clips - maya rudolph,"	0							
1	"listening to muse like crazy till i see them, then straight onto evanescence and the who for november 4th, sounds good"	1							
1	next friday soltek residents daffadam and medlam take to the stage at plan b - london for c panel's 1st birthday....	0							
1	"europe aa prices may firm on asian supply, but not in q4 - buyers: london (icis)--buyers in the european a...  #icis"	0							
1	little mix are going to be on kyle and jackie o tomorrow morning :)	0							
1	"anyways, good morning. did you know about khader adnan's lecture in ramallah tomorrow evening 7:00 pm in ramallah? do not miss it."	1							
1	"....is  going as that \upwards kid\ that he played so well on sunday night??!! ....with his prop/friend, \adidas\?"	1							
1	senior ads and quotes for the yearbook are due tomorrow!	0							
1	"on november 3 and 4th the black is back coalition for social justice, peace and reparations is sponsoring a..."	0							
1	"me: lexi guess what's on tomorrow night!!! lexi: my dick me:...i was gonna say the new york knicks opening night,..."	0							
1	getting my vans either thursday or friday for the game	0							
1	#flexthursday !! dis thursday!!!!!wit   crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit #flex	0							
1	"i know the feeling. in my country we don't celebrate halloween too, but we have a pancake day in february, so it's the same ;)"	0							
1	vitali klitschko may a person make clear this particular?	0							
1	yeah with miss may i too. it's on the 1st at backstage live	0							
1	i think we need 3 first xi ready players in january. that's a huge ask unless you're prepared to overpay	-1							
1	jennifer aniston shows she's prada her figure at fashion bash - the sun: the sunjennifer aniston shows she's pra...	0							
1	"lol how me evelyn, uly, and jerry were talking shit about that one portrait in 1st period and it happened to belong to the girl next to usxd"	0							
1	rudd rains on abbott's parade: kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard's party but yesterday he gate-cra...	-1							
1	but trust a dj who's giving away triksta - all about n.o. rap scene [choppa] on gumbo monday 7pm #fundingdrive2012! bounce!	1							
1	"interview on monday, a call back tomorrow, and vans is really interested into me? i don't know why you guys say it's so hard to get a job"	0							
1	the games i ordered that came out tuesday were going to shipped from nj so safe to say i'll be waiting a bit more till they get shipped.	0							
1	proud of my mom for all her hard work with best business strategies to get president's circle in sage 50 for the 2nd year in a row! wooooo!	1							
1	"lamb of god concert on wednesday, formal on saturday, and 1st anniversary with my baby martin on sunday <3"	0							
1	"brit award winning pop-star mika is set to return with his brand new album the origin of love, released on island records on september 16."	0							
1	ghost rider is bck on action jst w8 19th octobr at 3pm ...so guyz start ur engine and join with me in rally...	0							
1	ok i will be in the film mt zion which is out feb with the man stan walker. the shit! cool story bro? :)	1							
1	i was really excited about seeing the knicks and nets play tonight but i guess i have to wait until november 26 :(	0							
1	"#surface the florida mall, orlando, fl is the closest $msft store to me. ;-) can't wait to be there tomorrow!"	1							
1	"i grew up in alsip, oak lawn is like my 2nd home. reason for the city is wifes job at (cont)"	0							
1	"i have an important race tomorrow, which determines if we make cif, and i'm sitting here eating donuts.."	-1							
1	watched the 1st season of scandal and all i can say is olivia pope is a bad girl!!!!!! got season 2 on dvr........	-1							
1	"jayalalithaa sets rules for party posters: cracking the whip, chief minister j jayalalithaa on saturday is...  #news"	0							
1	today i started pre-planning my march trip to wppi and to visit  in ca. i cannot wait to see you again!!	1							
1	elimination chamber is going to be in st. louis may 19th.. i have to go.	0							
1	"greeting kobe is to mainstream! so i'll just greet jeremy lin, happy 24th birthday jlin  :))))"	1							
1	"griffin on fire tonight- 23 points at the end of the 3rd. jordan with a double double 11points, sixteen boards. lac up 69-64 #clippers #nba"	0							
1	pics: the kbc episode on sony on november 4.  a treat for all the big b and srk fans.   #fb	0							
1	cj and kreckman wednesday: the guys are at stoney's getting ready for the nuggets season opener. altitude's chris...	0							
1	if you are attending the sustainable brands london conference in november please let us know!  #sblondon #linkedin	0							
1	just witnessed the 1st ever black king of endymion	0							
1	im going to bali tomorrow for the weekend for office retreat	0							
1	"kerri will be helping out the families in long beach tomorrow.  if anyone has water, clothes, non perishables,..."	1							
1	why these mfs jus blastin \rella\ like itz the hood on saturday n shit lolz smh	-1							
1	lovely day in edmonton. game cancelled today. looking forward to tomorrow.	1							
1	great idea. but i'm still working on the alternate remixes for the 1st 'jackie o' lp.	1							
1	"media should remember that the trump and murdoch incidents is a civil rights issue, not a 24 hour news story.  it has to be stopped nov 6."	-1							
1	i have english tomorrow but it honestly doesn't bother me for some reason. rella always makes my day. don't ask	1							
1	"after today's bet came in i'm feeling confident with tomorrow's bet: ath madrid, juve, napoli, bayern munich, porto #comeon"	0							
1	"you may already be aware, but alan rickman is in a film called gambit that's coming out soon."	0							
1	"cba with school tomorrow, ugh whats the point"	-1							
1	championship thurs @ blue raider hoop camp today!!! closing ceremonies @ 3:45 in murphy center!!! autographs with all players!	0							
1	"lost my ss shirt, so i'm just gonna wear my old ss jacket tomorrow instead ;b"	-1							
1	lots of fun this weekend.  we're at the mardis gras casino friday night from 8 to midnight.  then on sunday...	1							
1	mikes funeral will be tomorrow at first star of jacob on howard ave in new haven ct (the hill). starts at 5pm	0							
1	c'mon rita i know you can do better!	1							
1	"yo dude we should chill tomorrow, i hit up cole and luke and so far they are willin to chill so it would be us 4"	0							
1	i'm just looking forward to the knicks verse nets game on thursday! carmelo anthony verse deron williams my two favorite players!	1							
1	springsteen is here sat but if that's not your thing rick ross will be in lexington the same night at	0							
1	"yes, yes, but what you see in the finder is file directory data that points to your actual files. the file may still exist."	0							
1	ioc mulls armstrong bronze - sbs: the international olympic committee (ioc) on thursday said it had ...  #london2012	0							
1	shawty by plies and tpain just came on. this is like 4th grade. lmaoo	0							
1	"join us this sunday on the terrace.... we're taking it deep all the way :-) filthy rich, deeafro, rob maynard, dj..."	1							
1	it's weird to think about how much money was spent on the washington monument just to make the world's biggest sun dial.	0							
1	watney fires 61 to win cimb classic: nick watney fired a 10-under 61 on    sunday to rally and win the c...  #sports	0							
1	iam not sure if #reggie realizes this but statistically gary carter is the 4th greatest catcher in the 100+ years of baseball #8 #kid #lgm	1							
1	they stop filming 'the butler' tomorrow. and i still haven't found alan rickman!!!!   -explanation- he's been filming that movie here in la	-1							
1	i'm going to walmart n walgreens tomorrow and stacking up on all they candy !! think i may need a new toothbrush n dentist too lol	0							
1	ticket prices go up friday! get your tickets tomorrow!! at the murphy center ticket office! you don't wanna miss this years #mtsustepshow	1							
1	"october 27, completes the its 61 years kenneth \kk\ downing jr., guitarist in the british heavy metal band judas priest"	0							
1	"looking forward to next friday, q4 update evening & meal at oakwood house. hotel room booked & just need to purchase or hire a dinner suit!"	1							
1	eastbound for the #arsenal game tomorrow	0							
1	i work at the la in alsip but that xsport offered me a job. got an interview tomorrow	0							
1	"just watched \project x\ for the 1st time, im unamazed.. y'all hyped it way past what it was.."	-1							
1	no stop please.  p.s. total ripoff of another song. i'll play it for you in yearbook tomorrow...oh wait.	1							
1	capricorn rules the 10th zodiac house in sidereal astrology. practical. leaders. make things happen.. managers.	0							
1	"exhausted but buzzing after day 1 of #yalta2012. need sleep, vitali klitschko speaks tomorrow, might challenge him to an arm wrestle..."	0							
1	talkin with procter&gamble sound like its the move to make..but well see come thursday for this career fair	1							
1	1st of all in my world theres only good n evil! real ppl n fake mf's!this is why i really feel jlin won't make it!not durable like yao ming!	-1							
1	just found out ill be playing at the same tournament with ut as my brother with his h.s. in february in new orleans during mardis gras.	0							
1	i am hoping we will rise up again. and make tomorrow a better day! hercules for president!	1							
1	"the pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the mpac fb page, twitter & posted up in the murphy center tomorrow!"	0							
1	besides the game 1 2nd quarter knicks vs heat game... this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro. smh	-1							
1	"t.o.p is a famous artist and actor from south korea. he is born in 4 november 1987 with a real name, choi seung-hyun"	1							
1	westbound into the u.s.- ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada- trucks 20 minute delay-cars clear	0							
1	"here is a message from senator with info that may help, dear friend: i am writing because you have corresponded..."	0							
1	"exhausted after a long day at wppi, but ready to do it again tomorrow!"	1							
1	"interview at kfc tomorrow, how the fuck i'm going to understand a single work said idek, i hardly understood the interview set up"	-1							
1	very soon police marching towards the crowd  #ramdev supporters start march towards ramlila maidan  #likeaboss	0							
1	"just finished watching \the bounty hunter\, gerald butler & jennifer aniston. checking it out for the 2nd time around. funny!"	1							
1	"interresting to read, except if you work for rim or microsoft (but it may change soon) : the mobile industry in numbers"	1							
1	"ah, maybe you also prefer zulu. thanks, no relation! but where, exeter? btw the 4th emergency service is the coastguard."	1							
1	grand opening tomorrow. come out to vans at town center and visit me and check it out!	0							
1	navi rabbit in for spay on tues and she's just had a phantom pregnancy. what timing. this means day of bunwatch and raspberry pi. no city :(	-1							
1	thursday night adventures... (@ brooklyn bowl for maya rudolph performing the music of prince and ?uestlove to follow)	0							
1	it needs to storm february 9th so endymion can get canceled and all the parades would then start at 7am sunday. #mardigras #nola	-1							
1	"if he's in the house, does pmsh usually answer elizabeth may if she gets a q?"	0							
1	"jlin had a nice little bounce back game tonight, hopefully he gets back into his linsanity groove by tuesday"	1							
1	"haha, i hardly knew about them and one day i was at her house and she sat me down and made me watch the brit awards with her :)"	1							
1	who's running the strattonfaxon 20k in new haven ct on monday?	0							
1	"i'm going to richie hawtin at buffalo in new york, ny - oct 29"	0							
1	on the plus side  have a gig on saturday night at the lexington - come along :)	1							
1	well when you get off come on and tomorrow you have to be @ the murphy center tomorrow @ 11 am!! be on time please	0							
1	"injures borderland,taking him out of the ppv.who will replace him in the elimination chamber match? watch asylum this sunday"	0							
1	when do you plan on coming down to the long beach or the o.c. area? los alamitos has a food truck fair on thursday nights.	0							
1	"tmr is saturday . tmr is duels official bars and bloodshed rap battle ! to whoevers down , i shall see you there ."	0							
1	"it's known, if you were born in november, your parents were getting it in on valentine day!"	0							
1	what is a tree's favourite day of the christian calendar? ash wednesday #lolle	0							
1	tuesday is my sixteen hour day and i'm still up...	0							
1	don't worry mr. lewis i'm going to get a perfect score on your physics test tomorrow	1							
1	you may think i have mono-cellular zulu imbongis at the rate some of these folks are thrown profanity at me.	-1							
1	"let the good times roll! tomorrow is mardis gras at st. philip's, with the bob deangelis dixieland band and gumbo lunch. join us at 10:30!"	1							
1	hey got your tix for looper on wed :) it's 630 at sylvia park - do you work in town?	0							
1	2nd movie for the night - ghost rider :\) #nowwatching ~	0							
1	we usually get president's day in february before 2 wks for spring break in march. that'll be it til may 31 for summer break.	0							
1	"evans: mick jagger, 15 oct 12. sir mick jagger calls chris evans with an interesting message about rolling stones..."	1							
1	we goin to fairground tomorrow i'm picking you up from work	0							
1	"i have one spare vip meal ticket to qpr v reading at noon on sunday needing an owner .3 course meal,wine,fancy seat etc ..anyone fancy it ?"	0							
1	catholics tomorrow is the holy day of all saints many many gave their lives for jesus and the church. all the saints defended the church!!	1							
1	final day at bali. enjoying the last times in sun and temperatures higher then 30 degrees.. almost time to going home!	1							
1	"only 2 spots left for standard first aid with cpr c! november 5 & 6, 4pm-10pm in centretown. contact centretown..."	0							
1	shit's going down this sat. at neighborhood theatre #drop!thard	-1							
1	"oh, i got ham. and i ate reggie's ham. and i ate brian's ham. tomorrow i'm getting more bc my dad said he's going to the store!"	0							
1	aki ta junior saying he inviting max tomorrow lol to chill in the house	1							
1	postage for o. henry stamp unveiled: the u.s. postal service on monday unveiled the stamp commemorating the life of...	0							
1	right! where is the 2nd vita heaven? vita is a zombie right now. maybe sony is busy on the ps4 and just forgot about the vita.	-1							
1	mandy carter will be at #bgsu talking social justice! you don't want to miss this next thursday.. at 8pm.. in ba 1007	1							
1	it's not a real wednesday morning if there isnt a guy at the trolley stop throwing up into the creek... margarita day got em	-1							
1	heading to crows nest on sunday to cover ray white's celebrations for 110 years in the business of real estate.	0							
1	pancakes were delicious and everything's perfect. now off to sleep and then tomorrow it's gonna be ascot all day long.	1							
1	ty for making me a woman!!!!  said at constitution hall saturday dont ever ever ever ever let someone make u feel like shit	1							
1	finding out that its national margarita day on a thursday this year just made having no class on friday thaaaat much better #excited	1							
1	"i'm so happy for  :) she is finally showing the world what she gots! blake, hey monday, and now just cassadee pope! <3"	1							
1	carmelo anthony is the 2nd best scoring in the league behing kevin durant	1							
1	"just been to  with  for 1st time since blake. walked reggie & anna, 2 really sweet dogs."	1							
1	delhi braces for another ramdev protest: new delhi : final touches were being given wednesday at the ramlila gro...	0							
1	"it's ages since i had kfc, well apart from the mush in a bun that passed as breakfast last sunday, that doesn't count though"	-1							
1	boateng put through his own net in the dying seconds to hand bayer leverkusen a 2-1 victory on sunday evening...	0							
1	diet starts monday when i wake up. ends the same day. always happens	0							
1	effat university wins the 1st \p&g's university challenge\ at the procter and gamble's university competition.	1							
1	don't worry edmonton tomorrow morning your main streets will be clear and ready for you to drive on !!!! i better go to bed	1							
1	do you like  presale is tomorrow for jan 31st show at dar constitution hall.	0							
1	haha black dahlia was my favorite song by them too!! i miss you too. are you still going to miss may i?? :)	1							
1	night night   pope gc the 1st	0							
1	i just signed up for a flash mob america flash mob in long beach dec 1! who's coming w/ me?  via	0							
1	"i'll let him know if he text me, otherwise just drop it mate, i've got road tax and cba to get it till monday lol"	0							
1	#personally i watch #extratime on ss4 with  mondays top class analysis who knows may the entire sa<lol> rt\	0							
1	because sunday just screams pancake day	0							
1	headlines in n.o. paper tomorrow. denver run all over the aints!!!!	1							
1	free dinner for everyone in highschool in edmonton at rahma mosque saturday night @ 7 its going to be fun   :)	1							
1	get ready for the peanut butter and jams sponsored party at santos party house this saturday!  good looks...	1							
1	"just got bel ami from the redbox....so that is what i will watching tonight, or tomorrow."	0							
1	"clt20 i am willing to bat at any number, says rahane - mumbai: ajinkya rahane on thursday insisted he does not have ..."	0							
1	shouts out to my bro  !! go follow my dude and turn up with him every thursday and sunday night in club bodi ! #salute	1							
1	"kapal-laut opens a new shop at 3rd floor beachwalk bali, the heart of tourism in bali."	0							
1	come to mtsu football fan day tomorrow from 2-4 pm at murphy center! meet the team for autographs and enjoy hotdogs and drinks!	1							
1	"it's cool, the less recognition we get, the more we win. i'll take that....all the way to n.o. in february."	1							
1	im a jr smith fan hes super athletic so i kind of want him shooting with the 2nd unit him novak kidd camby nd white or thomas	1							
1	hayyyuy can you bring my nirvana shirt tomorrow? <3	0							
1	greenbrier & summers counties have just been placed under a winter storm watch for monday night through tuesday...	0							
1	"#1dfacts on the 21st of february 2012, at 8:39pm on table 74, one direction lifted their first ever brit award for best british single"	1							
1	not convinced by the haye v chisora fight @ upton park on saturday.....personally i'd rather have seen carlton cole v emile heskey	-1							
1	make that 3 lol my practicum is in march! calgary police here i come lol	1							
1	why has no one put a youtube video of todd bertuzzi assaulting steve moore on an ipad while he's in the penalty box?	-1							
1	nick was the 1st one pinned in the elimination chamber.	0							
1	"prayer with amazing men of god this morning, grocery shopping, arrival of my [2nd] pokemon shirt, and purchased big l's first album. #cool"	1							
1	3rd??! :o where have i been i thought careless world was the 1st one. no?	-1							
1	the girl with the birthday cake on her in the \birthday song\ video.. can somebody bring her to my house thursday?	1							
1	"wish you were eating @ jackie o's today? come to the appalachian health summit saturday for delicious jackie o's lunch, & health workshop :)"	1							
1	"sunday get on the ropes with james murphy.yogacity nyc | yoga, meditation, pranayama & kirtan events in new york city"	0							
1	as he was in a news ltd town surely  had something to say about murdoch in intro to 'scousers don't buy the sun'?	0							
1	1st time i drove stick ever  i kinda lied to the salesman at ab honda that i can drive standard and took the 5 speed manual for a #testdrive	-1							
1	calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season! can't wait to get some early racing done #altitude #paceit	1							
1	if you are the same age as mick jagger than may i say you	0							
1	"#friday love that movie, kinda awkward watching it on thursday tho ..."	1							
1	"top 5 upcoming games for the playstation vita: after a slow start back in march, the playstation vita has ...  - n4g"	0							
1	hey washington senior! have you had your senior portraits taken? the deadline for the yearbook is january 15....	0							
1	its friendship day coming this sunday and people are reacting like valentine day	1							
1	"with the wikileaks releases yesterday, it's only gonna help 3rd party candidates make an impact in the election."	1							
1	who would go see  with me at dar constitution hall on sunday evening?	0							
1	aww..you know i'd be down to go but in leaving to utah tomorrow =/ hold it down for long beach tho!	0							
1	"friday aug 17th we in new haven ct,  for the kick back 7... its a luau get your beach wear ready!..."	0							
1	can you guys please update the schedule in the association mode so that the knicks can play the nets on november 26th. thank you!	1							
1	"feb 13th at the bell center, bon jovi is back in mtl. just in time for my birthday, i'm just saying :p"	1							
1	i am going to  1st and then to the london conference of critical thought	0							
1	new post rob will be on the kyle and jackie o show on tuesday 23nd	0							
1	"anyway, sorry for these random tweets about the finder. unfollow for the night. i'll be back to normal sports stuff tomorrow"	-1							
1	"if anyone comes to school with the galaxy foams tomorrow , i'm mugging them ."	-1							
1	"knowing the movie industry in kumasi, a movie a titled \ayariga for president\ may not be too far away. please don't disappoint me#boxoffice"	1							
1	gotta hold down a dub for that flatbush zombies show on the 1st. throw a blunt on stage or sumn.	1							
1	commentator says porto dominated 1st half & looks that way again in the 2nd	0							
1	the big l is strictly gunplay i run thru church n pistol whip the priest every sunday. damn :|	-1							
1	"there were contradictory signals from the mayor vis a vis evacuation, + n.o. has lots of 'canes, and may have been complacent"	0							
1	that would be jason varitek. pick me as i would love to go to the game sunday.	1							
1	"golf capsules: nick watney missed a chance for a 59 on sunday in his cimb classic victory, closing with a course..."	-1							
1	awesome talk from awesome  in the star apprentice class tonite on social media! just in time for super tuesday!	1							
1	the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto's !!!	-1							
1	"the new die antwoord, diiv, japandroids, 1st foo album, gnr lies, any nirvana"	0							
1	knicks vs. pacers in the 2nd round of association mode. upset the #1 bulls	-1							
1	looks like i'm going to knicks vs. heat this sunday.	0							
1	for my 18th birthday i want a lap dance from that fat chick in rella.	0							
1	just watched act of valor for the 4th time - i do like that movie.	1							
1	"i'm going to anthony hamilton at dar constitution hall in washington, dc - sep 15"	0							
1	varitek eager to learn on the job: newly appointed red sox special assistant jason varitek on friday reflected o...	1							
1	sarah g. day last sunday!! monday!! tuesday!! wednesday!! & xempre ngaung thursday!! kip it up poptsers!!<3	0							
1	vitali's may have more power on it but he tends to push it. paulie's controls fights with that upjab	0							
1	brook lopez the 2nd best offensive center in the nba he not ass	1							
1	last day of work at walgreens tomorrow! *cries tears of joy*	1							
1	"the 1st thing that came to mind was something from flatbush zombies hahaha or omg, biz markie. or ol' dirty bastard >:)"	1							
1	hope you've got your tickets/tables for plies tomorrow night 10/6 at belo nightclub with z90.3 | san diego!!  if...	1							
1	"this nigga  just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez...smh, 21st birthday shit"	-1							
1	i love my girl evelyn at work she switched shifts with me saturday:)	1							
1	the only bad thing about barack obama having a 2nd term as president is that its always a flop 2nd time round historically	-1							
1	"1st one = thunder cats, the skull with fire = ghost rider and i think the one below the skull is captain planet :)"	0							
1	yea i was just thinking that! btw reece is going to be in kyle and jackie o tomorrow i think.... in the studio	0							
1	former westover hs (nc) star cj ford opens the season for murray state against brescia on november 9th at home.	0							
1	"q98 presents: dethklok with machine head, all that remains, and black dahlia murder! tuesday, november 13th at..."	0							
1	ghost rider: spirit of vengeance was a lost cause. you had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie. and then you decided to dig a hole...	-1							
1	slow down. he's a lib. u may hav 2 explain 2 him. remember charlie gibson told donwade&roma he dnt know abt acorn.	0							
1	so disappointed with the movie ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. so not better than the 1st ghost rider movie	-1							
1	i need to spend the night at someone's house tomorrow then just go to the meet with them!	0							
1	av has 11 offensive rebounds with 4 minutes left in the 3rd. that's a good month for brook lopez.	1							
1	"it's friday before wppi! who is going this year?! i am!! before i leave on sunday, i wanted to give out a fun..."	1							
1	i'm excited to go to the knicks vs. lakers game in december thanks daddy you dah best	1							
1	1st game in brooklyn and i want to see brook lopez	0							
1	"wilfred kiboro joins family bank as chairman, a day after he quit standard chartered bank. he takes over from founder titus muya on jan 1"	0							
1	who's going to walgreens tomorrow for the 75% off all of the halloween candy? i am!	0							
1	introduced me to big l when i was in the 9th grade. i was really deaf to real hip hop music back in the 9th grade lol	0							
1	peace love and pancakes starts tomorrow morning!! be there or else no pancakes for you	1							
1	"we changed seats in dental lol, you're in ash's old seat and the chapter is due tomorrow"	0							
1	"in lewis on the 5th they're burning effigies of guy fawkes, the pope & whoever else they presently dislike. sussexy indeed..."	-1							
1	finally saw the galaxy foams in person on saturday... let's just say <<<<<< smmfh ugly ass shoes!	-1							
1	thursday margarita day with poker sign in before 7:15 p.m. and a funtastic time!!!! yeaha friday jaron bell (riannon bday party) reminder ;)	1							
1	austin wore his yolo shirt for the 15th time in a month.	0							
1	"the saving innocence 1st annual gala is just one month away!  please join us for an evening of dinner, wine,..."	1							
1	"i'm hearing diamonds just entered the u.s top 5 and that rih is coming to snl the 10th, is this true?"	0							
1	can someone pick me up tomorrow morning and bring me with you at lax?	0							
1	the daily zap: catch highlights from monday's action in the nba.	0							
1	our 1st xi went through against liverpool 4th x1 with a 2-1 victory aet thanks to an extra time winner from man of the match	1							
1	how to dress well plays santos party house on october 8th with o f f love and warm ghost!	0							
1	the mere mention of catholics makes my blood rise - and i was raised catholic. rejected somewhere around 5th grade.	-1							
1	jasmine curtis-smith is nominated as best new female tv personality (for nandito ako) in the 26th pmpc star awards for tv. yay! =))	1							
1	yay... we had us a mini water fight =) now my hair messed up << think tomorrow imma go to alsip and get in the pool	0							
1	"and also, haven't been able to check and cba updates since sunday. if anyone hears any news, please pass it along to me. thanks!"	-1							
1	#lazyweb should i get up early and avoid giants fans on caltrain or just work from home tomorrow?	0							
1	project x on a monday night? fuck it	-1							
1	riri's new album is dropping november 19th. freaking machine... literally a year and a day since talk that talk..	0							
1	does anyone want to trade a playstation vita for a ipod touch 4th generation 32 gigabyte ?:	0							
1	haha brilliant!! morning katie...happy friday! bodg loves the drawing of him! m	1							
1	\ imagine how short church would be if busta rhymes was the preacher....\  wish he did ash wed	0							
1	tomorrow at #wingsday catch the playoff game with knicks vs heat  on the sounds. reserve your table now 214-444-9161!!!	0							
1	i was definitely hype for that knicks and nets game tonight & give brooklyn they 1st l fuck you #hurricanesandy	-1							
1	got the job in the mall ..now time to get the job at  adidas tomorrow	0							
1	i might act like tomorrow valentine day and pamper my gf maybe then she'll feel better	1							
1	don't miss plies at belo nightclub on saturday 10/6 with z90.3 | san diego!! get your tickets now -...	1							
1	watching the mayor of iqaluit and elizabeth may square off (on twitter) is quite the sight.	0							
1	beautiful sunrise at the washington monument taken by  -	1							
1	meet the dragon's den at social media week in #vancouver on sept 28	0							
1	great #tetra in india event in mumbai. next event tuesday in jakarta. see you there ?	1							
1	the daily zap: all the action from wednesday's six pack can be found right here in the daily zap.  #nba	0							
1	hey mindless behavior i was at ur concert on saturday at the dar constitution hall. great p	1							
1	"talking of bond & skyfall, variety, the children's charity is holding the premiere on nov 7th at sylvia park. tickets @"	0							
1	thought i would try the black glasses look....i may need the malcolm x joints tho'	0							
1	there was no handshake abigayle? also when i come in tomorrow i expect my new schuh tee you ordered to be there... good girl	1							
1	you can totally hear a guy from the 2nd floor singing from the top of his lungs to \what makes you beautiful\. lol.	0							
1	(reuters) - the season opener between the new york knicks and brooklyn nets set for thursday at the barclays cen ...	0							
1	"going to elon university. it's a private ubi at a damn ulu place. no worries, i'm going off on 22nd august. haha."	0							
1	tomorrow the field gets set for #daytona500  duels start 2pm on #speed all starts 10am with nationwide practice on #espn2 trucks at noon	0							
1	why wait for the videos when you can come see duels official live tomorrow? i may have vodka on my person too! ha	0							
1	"a great read with your saturday morning coffee. i'm voting for a pres working on social justice, tolerance, & equality."	1							
1	at least there is hope coming around february. i'm looking at a team where jr smith is the x-factor.	1							
1	raymond's been busy and we have homemade gingerbread with lemon icing for tomorrow's homemade cake.  soups will...	0							
1	"\sarah g. day\ i love you!!! stay sweet and simple, dude! can't wait for your show on sunday!"	1							
1	"excitement and danger #estatesales. found old wwii shells, not inert!  spent time with bomb squad!  how is that for a monday?"	1							
1	oh that's right duels are tomorrow ha good luck to you and will	1							
1	duels official... this saturday... at out of the bedroom be there!	0							
1	"october is like the road to wrestlemania in reality. halloween = royal rumble, thanksgiving = elimination chamber, christmas = wrestlemania."	0							
1	"james murphy may b right-if pretentiousness leads to reading great books/listening to great music, even just to impress-you pry win in end"	1							
1	"sacramento kings could make a push 7-th or 8th seed in the west....i swear, i swear they can."	1							
1	i had a \nightmare\ last night where i missed the 2nd rd of my #fantasybasketball draft and they autodrafted me jr smith. #truestory lol	-1							
1	nah i havnt knew about the adidas deal! u like it? i'm undecided....   where u watching game sat? i'm trying to get it off!	-1							
1	"i'm going to clutch at buster's billiards & backroom in lexington, ky - dec 28"	0							
1	"#sgs fury on brink of beating haye to vitali: tyson fury is set to face denis boytsov on december 1, with the wi..."	0							
1	in south korea? unikent is excited to be at the world grad fair in seoul tomorrow. join us at....	1							
1	4 more days to go and we're off to the  london conference on saturday - we're excited to network with other youth councils again!	1							
1	watney fires 61 to win cimb classic: nick watney fired a 10-under 61 on sunday to rally and win the cimb classic...	1							
1	"hey jesus, i come to you asking that the power goes out in winans so i won't have to go to school tomorrow also. i thank you in advance amen"	1							
1	"i'm going to everclear at backstage live in san antonio, tx - nov 8"	0							
1	i fux wit yo 3rd choice but gifted hands (the ben carson story) and alex haley's autobiography of malcolm x my top 2	1							
1	i'll look it up tomorrow..i only wanted to hear keith urban & carrie underwood sing & who won entertainer of the year lol	0							
1	"dino's invitational dual meet tomorrow in calgary, then rocky mountain cup to follow. rip it up bears and pandas #bustamove"	1							
1	watched unofficially yours for the 1st time... pede na kaya lang bitin.	0							
1	"abs-cbn news] aquino on enrile's memoirs: may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people	0	1	11101011110100, 11110011011100, 110100, 10111111, 10111110, 011100110, 10110, 111100110000, 11000, 0011101010, 111101110101111, 011011110, 111100110111100, 011010100, 11100001110, 1110100, 1010, 10011110, 0101100111011, 01010100000, 111001100011, 01011011111100, 001110111, 1111111100, 11100001010, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	"madonna may have helped paved the road for singers like rihanna, katy perry , gaga etc.. but rih owns that road now."	0							
1	i hope miami does this to the knicks on friday. #teamheat	1							
1	amazing day today. i can't wait for tomorrow; i get my braces then movie night at my bf's house with rosa & jose. yaaaay.	1							
1	repio ceo neil cox is speaking at chicago's social media week tomorrow about \social media & the changing face of employment - check it...	0							
1	watching die hard for the 1st time with  &  alan rickman makes this better than it already was.	1							
1	v-p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august 6: 'some of our leaders are also in touch with trinamool congress chi...  #news	0							
1	the winans are doing the smash hit \tomorrow\ its cool but not the same without all the brothers. more on the whitney memorial.	1							
1	i still didn't watch degrassi from friday? what am i doing with my life? apparently not much.	-1							
1	"10 things to know for friday: the u.s. postal service, on the brink of default on a second multibillion-dollar p..."	0							
1	revision book right? i've already gave it to niesa. she'll give it to you on tomorrow :) hopefully you'll get a+ in eng! amin!	1							
1	omg. random bel ami tv spot - canada - it'll be premiering on the movie network  november 23rd :)	0							
1	"the regular-season opener thursday between the brooklyn nets and the new york knicks, wh...  ::"	0							
1	if you call me 'good girl' one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region.	-1							
1	otw back to la salle!! hehehehe watched unofficially yours for the 2nd time w  &	1							
1	"enjoying my 1st time on caltrain - bikes on the 1st floor, passengers on the 2nd floor."	1							
1	a big congrats to kevin mccarthy who was victorious on saturday in the presidents day comp with a fine performance of very steady golf.	1							
1	lol this is the first time i eat pancakes since monday. & damn you just hurt my feelings	-1							
1	"hm , saturday with joey , lauren , dj , and laura sounds about right ;) #happybirthdaydj"	1							
1	scoop! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy-band blake on may 24th at epsom playhouse! yoohoo how cool is that!	1							
1	my trick or treating will happen tomorrow night..at walgreens....in the candy aisle.	0							
1	aas being regulated to feb i agree with you. malcolm x being taught in 2nd grade i can go either way on.	0							
1	dm me your number and i'll send you a pic of the dress i'm wearing wednesday. it's perfect for being the black dahlia.<3	1							
1	you just may be my soulmate..jsyk..lol..we gotta have us an alan rickman date soon so we can fangirl to our hearts content!!	1							
1	machine gun kelly concert tomorrow with the best sister in the world (: #girltime #realtalk (:	1							
1	ss but they have really good music and it's a very sad thing that mitch lucker died may he rest in peace #ripmitchlucker	-1							
1	"if i was 21 i'd be in a room with noel gallagher, shaun ryder, bez etc but instead i'm in preston sat in kfc. brilliant."	-1							
1	"omg wait, bel ami comes out tomorrow! i'm going to watch it, finally."	1							
1	lol super awkward if its hella foggy at rim tomorrow and the games suppose to be on tv lol  uhhhh.. where's the ball? lol	-1							
1	"imma know alot about it next saturday, imma be at morgan state but imma slide down to d.c. for a hot second"	0							
1	reggie isn't interested in dealing picks like the old regime.  can't see him parting with anything other than a 6th or 7th	-1							
1	another saturday where it seems like plan b is gonna take over.	0							
1	"follow  and meet her on november 26, she'll be at the bell center by 4:00 pm. please fredo."	0							
1	it's our 6th birthday!!!!! reggie your the best partner ever!!!! we would like to thank all of our brides who...	1							
1	of course i know it's for ash wednesday and good for  but it does look like he squashed a bug on his forehead.	1							
1	#khader exists israeli high court will hear case of khader adnan on thursday. that may well be too late. where are the protests?	-1							
1	"not able to watch the enrile documentary, but i've a sense he (yet again) won't like tomorrow's inq editorial."	-1							
1	why does the knicks/heat game have to come on tomorrow night during bibleball? oh well i'd rather play than watch any day!	-1							
1	hmm raspberry pi - scrap ipads in the class room - have some pi instead #education	0							
1	ima go see lamb of god tomorrow in hollyweed. come get punched in the fuckin face in the pit	-1							
1	"demon gaze, a next-gen dungeon rpg for the the playstation vita [1st trailer and screens]: kadokawa games today ..."	0							
1	"does girls gone wild still make commercials?  if, god forbid, this one goes to extras, we may find out."	0							
1	"livication is playing next friday night at dipiazza's! mark your calendars, and prepare for your newsfeed's to be blown up with info!"	0							
1	i think so ill bring it on monday is it the adidas	0							
1	\tomorrow\ by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning... wonder who needs to hear it!	1							
1	done with tec exam alhamdulillah. lunch break before eng class. hope everyone's having a good friday !	1							
1	i think this kid is a wrestler?!? imaaa talk to you tomorrow about it!	0							
1	also the way to go at zachary's is the stuffed mushroom and spinach. excellent. (note: this opinion may be out-of-date).	1							
1	hey reggie. how are you ?  i'm very sorry that haven't had the chance to get back to you. i'll e-mail you tomorrow	0							
1	real ones are avail about a month or so b4 mardi gras (day b4 ash wed)	0							
1	happy 16th birthday rella . get drunk for me frl . enjoy your day & wish you many more !	1							
1	aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent? apply for the marie colvin scholarship	0							
1	catch supersport united vs bidvest wits at the lucas moripe stadium at 15h30 on saturday live on ss4 #ssfootball	0							
1	"you know what, i dont give a shit about tomorrow yolo"	-1							
1	"cong to hold rallies on fdi. the first rally will be held at delhi's ramlila ground on oct 28, to be addressed by the pm and mrs s gandhi."	0							
1	thanks for the follow brian! hope you have a super tuesday!	1							
1	i gotta play that \friday\ track by flatbush zombies to finish a great day.	1							
1	\valor\ video shoot tomorrow night... hope it's stupid creative!	-1							
1	bought tix for sat's nets game b4 prices jumpd and  allowd seller to reneg w/o proof the tix arent available #poorcustomerservice	-1							
1	good point!  ash wednesday isn't a day of obligation?  i've never missed one.	1							
1	"good girl, i'll see you tomorrow?"	1							
1	"yes, it is. over the summer, danny mcbride confirmed \eastbound & down\ was renewed for a 4th season. no word on a premiere date yet"	0							
1	this years nba schedule got me pumped for the season. knicks vs. nets in its 1st nba's battle of new york. we already know its nyk town.	1							
1	"jul 82 uk heavy metal band judas priest release their 8th album screaming for vengeance,  with the single \you've got another thing comin\."	0							
1	thanks to all who came down to mardis gras in july at the fullerton downtown plaza last night. all proceeds went...	1							
1	tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue's yonghwa and beast's gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november 10  cr: foreverjeti	0							
1	imaaa make moves tomorrow !	0							
1	"...starting 11 in the 1st half featured players who have not been in the managers plans, cole, henderson, downing etc..."	0							
1	this article about senate president enrile is very interesting :)	1							
1	live  fairground ex bengkel 6 oct 2012. be there lads... enjoy the show	1							
1	#NAME?	0							
1	imaaa get it tomorrow. (;	1							
1	"save the date: 11/14,  we've got some surprises coming your way! info on monday."	1							
1	i want to see white arrows at north star bar sat +  studio session on wed!!!	0							
1	bringing our sr highschool girls bball team from edmonton down to cali for a tournament be at the dec 9 a	0							
1	fun friday: a long procession of elementary school children march along the ring road in iqaluit at around 3:15...	0							
1	":( for what it's worth, i thought the finder was a funny, clever show. sad it didn't even get a 2nd season."	-1							
1	sarah g. day on its 4th day! wow! eksaherada sa pag-trending!!!  #ggv #vicepogi	1							
1	anybody in the #dmv want to buy a pair of anthony hamilton tickets? dm me for details. the show is tomorrow at constitution hall.	0							
1	"this time next saturday night we will be about to kick off megachurch with stan walker, jc epidemic & michael franzese! 7 sleeps!"	0							
1	"go try and win a ps vita at the lollipop chainsaw event at fish & co. @ glasshouse. you may get bitten by zombies, but it's a ps vita!"	0							
1	"my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep. she is a little too old for an imaginary friend, don't ya think?"	-1							
1	"things needed/wanted in no particular order: my bed, silence, dog, cold water with lemon, sun, sister"	0							
1	going to try & watch act of valor for the 2nd time. the part i seen are pretty bad ass	-1							
1	"typical sat with the team (@ nj national guard armory for meek mill, machine gun kelly, vado and funkmaster flex)"	0							
1	perth listeners: nick is giving the talk 'food & social justice'  @ 3.30 tomorrow (friday) #green #animalrights	0							
1	"follow  , find her on november 26. meet her. she'll be at the bell center by 4:00pm its her dream 2 meet u!!90"	1							
1	"she's alright, she'll win the brit award for best female if she breaks wind between now and may."	1							
1	"the eight day of the week: sarah g. day!! where you can party party,laugh,dance and go crazy! #sarahglive on sunday guys:)"	1							
1	these lil girls singing \birthday cake\ .....girl it was yo 10th birthday the other day smh lol	1							
1	well shit! i hope your back for the morning show. i need you on my drive to cupertino on monday! have fun!	1							
1	hey everyone! if you are competing in districts at lake braddock on monday you need to make sure to do the deca test by 5pm tomorrow!!	0							
1	"i spoke too soon. flight just cancelled. looks like i'm stranded in calgary. i'll try again tomorrow am! eek, i hope i make it #iycsask."	-1							
1	caltrain just can't catch a break. mt  about 10:30 a.m. train #425 struck a female on the train tracks south of 16th street	-1							
1	jbid sounded a bit like james murphy last night \i was there ...\ (\when ronald reagan ...\/\at the 1st can show\)	0							
1	yeaa im still lookin smh...may have to go to the adidas store. the asian dudes wear em 24/7.	0							
1	going sylvia park tomolols and den night market l8ter on that same day and then early bed and sunday idk aye?	0							
1	#nba the brooklyn nets opener vs. the new york knicks is postponed. it was originally scheduled for thursday evening.	-1							
1	are u coming up the 17th. davis is playing hawaii for vball so we will see chris webb and scott wong. ur mom & my mom are!	0							
1	me and katie are busy after school we have to go to playtoes and stuff. but saturday morning. lets do it! then beach	0							
1	ash wednesday they put ash crosses on your forehead that was the joke lol	1							
1	how do y'all feel about moving presidents day to august? august lacks a three day weekend. then make lincoln's b-day a day off too. #boom	0							
1	it's ridiculous how sony actually still doesn't know how much the tickets cost they go on sale tomorrow do you have a brain?????	-1							
1	"centre suffering from 'policy paralysis', alleges jayalalithaa: jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa governme..."	-1							
1	"because after a while you catch yourself eating meatballs on a friday during lent, and you don't care."	-1							
1	ahh drivers ed was good today but 7 on 7 tonite at elon university ! > .. tomorrow wet n wild with the baby after class <3	1							
1	i am going to the seminar richie hawtin (official page) is hosting at concordia this monday. first time going to...	0							
1	bruh like was this the dj from club bodi i swear i heard the same music thursday night lol	0							
1	"what up, we bout to touch thuus ainsworth on 26th between 6th & 7th for the knicks/heat game.  who comin thru?!?!"	0							
1	heat vs knicks is gonna be the most exciting 1st round series	1							
1	a place in the sun. presenter: orange and lemon trees too person:that's our breakfast! what the?who has oranges and lemons for breakfast?	0							
1	"50 bucks to see dethklok, machine head, all that remains, and the black dahlia murder. i may just have to go see this show with or witho ..."	0							
1	"did you greet josh bradley last sunday, his bday? i hope. i love your loveteam!"	1							
1	"all tied at 14 after 1st qtr, murray state with ball in red zone"	0							
1	"happy birthday mom! the sun is shining bright today :). i miss you always. love, daniela \rella\ lol xo"	1							
1	the daily zap: catch highlights from thursday's action in the nba.	0							
1	elimination diet starts tomorrow don't you mean ;) #lean #vegvegveg!	1							
1	klitschko still the wbc boss vitali klitschko retained his wbc heavyweight title on saturday when his fight ag	0							
1	"gotta love being catholic, sitting in a lutheran church on reformation sunday. i guess the catholics pushed it with the whole \pay\ for sin"	1							
1	managed to snag a rih test press along with the new 7\. woop. come see them in margate this sunday	0							
1	yo  have you heard of anyone getting their gears3 stats getting reset today? i sign onto today and now all my stats are reset.	0							
1	mr. travis took the sats in the 7th grade! #nerd #fact	1							
1	first friday tonight y'all come out to club bodi	0							
1	"lucas scott, c'mon! why'd you die your hair!?"	-1							
1	machine gun kelly concert on the 30th!! me &  bout 2 shut this bitch down!	-1							
1	"you may not have known steve sabol's name, but chances are you knew his work. ron jaworski and more look back:"	1							
1	"loads of goodies from house of wilde, stylestalker, staple the label, fairground and piper lane will be available tomorrow! stay tuned! xx"	1							
1	"i admire you with all my heart, lauren. may the god, that watches over the rest of the world, bless you and keep you x"	1							
1	"after that game, i can't wait to see what my #heat do to the knicks tomorrow"	1							
1	which players do you think deserve to be in saf starting xi against arsenal on saturday's game?	0							
1	\   oh ok. pick jessica ass up too when you come.\ imaaa just come tomorrow!	0							
1	"last, u-school hc said the next member of the bomb squad will be 9th grader sam bruce, nephew of isaac bruce #2016prospect"	0							
1	eli young band you were great on #cmaawards but you will be even better in starkville tomorrow night :) #bulldogbash #hailstate	1							
1	"maya rudolph performs prince songs  at brooklyn bowl this thursday night 9/20, backed by the roots!"	0							
1	"haha!! well keep going, my hubby gave up on ash wed in '96 & has never looked back."	1							
1	i'm in hawaii at the moment. home next friday night. don't want to come home.	-1							
1	grow it out. i wanna see a part in the middle and bali beads either side before the 31st of fan.	0							
1	"after the 9th of november, i'll be partying like the teenagers in project x."	0							
1	i'll never forget that first girl i was crazy about in 5th grade. i still got her valentine day card in my secret safe.	1							
1	roma enjoying a run in the sun	1							
1	listening to a richie hawtin set isn't the best thing to do on a sunday when your going to bed...ravin ma tits aff now ha	-1							
1	pls tv5 just get that sucker's leg (rvp) broken 4 me on saturday pls!!	-1							
1	bury girls day out to the brook!! every thursday! standard!	0							
1	"endymion may have set the greek mythology and olympic record for sleep,full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing."	1							
1	aquino on enrile's memoirs: may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people	1							
1	"after i tweeted about  gary carter photo #facepalm, they removed the mets photo. 2nd choice almost as bad, kid holding mets cap."	-1							
1	i'm supposed to sleep now because of work tomorrow but sen. #johnny enrile's life is interesting it's keeping me awake	1							
1	"i need to get skinny, move out and find someone lush! i'll start my diet tomorrow then the rest i'll try and sort another time..."	0							
1	"won tickets on the  show with  to see  at  this sunday. tom's from alsip, right? ;-) #harvey"	1							
1	i really feel like poor planning was involved in whatever it was that made ash wednesday and national margarita day collide	-1							
1	"at around 11pm on monday, winans said he heard his son crying and went to check on him. when the concerned dad..."	0							
1	i know but it's ruskooooo! an richie hawtin is on a saturday	0							
1	charity to the max! saturday on foxct both segments will be airing during the morning news due to storm coverage today. #foxct	0							
1	"laura wright, gareth malone, noah stewart and margherita taylor attend the classic brit awards launch, september 6"	0							
1	mom: why are you listening to plies early sunday morning?  me: *blank stare* *pause* my strip club name is mr. will-throw-it *walks away*	0							
1	i don't have the patience to wait till january for a new jennifer aniston movie	-1							
1	happy 11th yr preaching anniversary to a mighty man of valor  excited about your next dimension!!! love you!	1							
1	"filming all day tomorrow, i need rest... but i need to finish act of valor"	0							
1	"i dont want to talk to no one tomorrow besides evelyn , additi , nathalie , paola & destiny"	-1							
1	dr.eggs live in hong kong with an another super band: halcyon. october 20 at backstage live.  get your ticket...	1							
1	"the choreographers' pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the fb page, twitter & posted up in the murphy center tomorrow!"	0							
1	excited about  for mac...november 8 can't come soon enough! clear for ios + mac = minimalistic todo list nirvana.	1							
1	it's wednesday !  \wookiee photo\ funny !  - what makes you beautiful - one direction cover:	1							
1	no live nba game tomorrow? only postgames of knicks/heat and clippers/grizzlies? pls air the game of knicks against heat live.	-1							
1	now the nigga with the tender busy buying her kfc on sunday evenings *smh*	0							
1	great piece on joe cole's demise in tomorrow's independent by  cole was the first england player who was younger than me	1							
1	real shit ray allen meeting with the knicks tomorrow	-1							
1	"no jack!! went on rita last sunday... and i swear i've got bruises on my head from it, it's too fast! my head took a bashing!"	0							
1	tuned in to the 4th quarter of the knicks vs heat game	0							
1	#map: somalia: somali refugees in the region - as of 31 october 2012  #un	0							
1	in case you forgot panthers are horrible on defense. pathetic. ranked 27th against run and their top cb (gamble) is out w/ injury. #cowboys	-1							
1	"you need to go in february during mardis gras week.  no crowds, beautiful weather!"	1							
1	sixteen candles down the drain: sunday inspiration post!	1							
1	migraine since saturday & a blood vessel burst yesterday in the eye where it's located. any more and i'll be rocking a marie colvin eyepatch	-1							
1	be at mr. mussers class at 8:30 tomorrow and i'll give it to you	0							
1	august 11th 2010 was the day i met mitch... i regret not taking a picture with him. fuck. i'll miss going to ss shows.... </3	-1							
1	laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the sacramento kings twice in the preaseason...and their starters played the 4th	-1							
1	1.average age of our team is 0.4 years less than yours 2. starting xi contained 4 1st team 3. we can still win the treble	1							
1	"ss4 - 1 mikko 10.45,9 - 2 petter +0,2 - 3 novikov +2,5 - 4 mads +6,9 with puncture. still 3rd o/a. latvala stopped. #rallyitalia"	0							
1	another 4 hours of science tomorrow before i'm at my grandma's for three days and kwvr for the hst and standard 4 on saturday! #weekendplans	0							
1	"we'll be skyping khader adnan tomorrow at palestine place 5pm, the 66 day hunger striker against israeli..."	0							
1	"i swear if everyone goes to this party saturday its going to be the new, project x!"	0							
1	somalia will arrive in uganda on 8 november to give the team time for 15 training days before the start of the cecafa cup.	0							
1	"zulu is the 26th largest mother tongue of christians (10.4 million), representing 0.5% of all christians."	0							
1	lets see if melo can lead the knicks tomorrow	0							
1	kalispell mail processing center to close by march: kalispell -- the u.s. postal service has announced it will c...	0							
1	that's what i like to hear! friday is my margarita day	0							
1	well tomorrow you have to share a bed with ash.............i dont really know what is worse!!	-1							
1	"b-team practice thursday, plus a parent meeting to discuss the details of the n.o. trip, & a finance update.."	0							
1	"at the half, bayer leverkusen 1-0 vs bayern munchen. let's score 2 or more in the 2nd half!! go munich!!"	0							
1	ready to go to lexington with  and  for this game tomorrow night!	1							
1	"i have a date with christian kane and the leverage team that i recorded tues, then the finder, sexy!, have fun, night night xx"	1							
1	22/10/2012 - 1st day no poppers no cigarettes this is for rella gona b hard.	-1							
1	anyone else find it entertaining that ash wednesday and national margarita day fall on the same day?	1							
1	howard u wins 2nd straight homecoming game with 21-20 victory over morgan state. bison now 5-2; 4-1 meac	0							
1	tennessee tech's steve payne says murray state does things the right way - oct 24 @ 6:47 pm et	1							
1	i have a habit of going to mass every sunday and holy day/feast day accept for holy days of obligation.. #catholicproblems #catholicfail	-1							
1	i've watched the benji 30 for 30 before and this 2nd time hurt. kinda hits home. thinkin bout the homie darrell. #ripdt	0							
1	hey the best was when you said obama put out his smoke on bidens forehead on ash wed	1							
1	"since tomorrow is my birthday & all, i'm gonna listen to every song with  the word birthday in it... birthday cake, birthday girl..."	0							
1	rob on the 'kyle and jackie o' show on oct 23rd:	0							
1	oct 30 its goin down at the congress theater i will be performing along wit machine gun kelly!!!!	0							
1	"nov 1st facebook, sean ryan put plarium on the board as no. 1 social game in q4, i can send you links to his interview"	0							
1	who's going to the rally for khader adnan in ny tomorrow?	0							
1	just wait till we're getting classy with wine on saturday!!	1							
1	excited for the nuggets game tomorrow!	1							
1	final four is set and here is the match-ups. \if we win\... we play on saturday at 7:00 p.m. in lexington!	0							
1	our founder ( will be speaking at social media week (#smwldn) on friday. read about it:	0							
1	lol speak of the devil did you hear about rim? they apparently bumped nokia put of 5th place :o	0							
1	national margarita day? this is like christmas in july only with tequila...lots of tequila	0							
1	people been lined out for this gold pack since wednesday night at the florida mall... smfh	0							
1	khan says chisora won't be the same after his ko vs haye - is he still dizzy from getting put on his ass on saturday? #idiot	-1							
1	"four days to the nightwish gig, then evanescence on tuesday next week. life is goooooood."	1							
1	"pretty little liarssss timeee, because i missed the premier on tuesday :3 then degrassi, then jshore... woo for being occupied"	0							
1	"as reported jason varitek is close to taking job with #redsox, may be special assistant to gm ben cherington. #redsoxnation"	0							
1	buzzed that i'm going amsterdam on friday! ajax tickets could do with turning up though #fuckyouviagogo	1							
1	"us secretary of state press availability on the london conference: london, united-kingdom, february 24, 2012/afr..."	0							
1	a cheeky 61 by nick watney good enough to win #cimbclassic at -22 from  &   closed with 63 to share 4th	1							
1	"best one ever 7th track dr.dre on the beat ft. biggie,2pac,big l,& big pun...song is gonna be called \we ain't dead\ lmaooo"	1							
1	so happy hisd has no school tomorrow! no student teaching in the morning!!	1							
1	"for me, big l is the 3rd best story teller in rap."	1							
1	why doesnt sony promote 1st party games? ac3 commercials are on tv all the time. and no one (cont)	-1							
1	"might have too skip the scrimmage tomorrow, i gotta see the heat beat the knicks tomorrow"	0							
1	en plein visionnage de \shut up and play the hits!\ james murphy est mon dieu...	0							
1	looks like the ipad mini will be released 11/2. and apple ordered 10 million for q4 alone. holy cow.	0							
1	"if aliens observed earth to learn about us, i wish they'd watch the olympics. rather than mardis gras or the 4th of july..."	0							
1	"ash wednesday is always hard for me, any day focused around ash on your body brings back bad memories for me."	-1							
1	on the bright side the maya angelou will be arriving at elon university tomorrow night. #welcomemaya	1							
1	day off yesterday wheww may time din at napanood ang unofficially yours at segunda mano.	0							
1	i've been cleaning all day and watching project x non stop. i think i'm on my 6th time. love this movie! you the man!!	1							
1	my love for maya rudolph may be borderline obsessive. i just looooove her!	1							
1	#picstitch at my 1st phillies game watching the knicks vs heat #atthesamedamtime	0							
1	"just filled out my home depot application....matteson, alsip, orland park, homewood, & cal city now i need to make moves that way tomorrow."	0							
1	imaaa make darrell take me to the movies on the 19th . #teamspoiled	0							
1	people getting off caltrain at 4th and king for the #sfgiants parade are already pretty wasted... at least they didn't drive in i guess.	-1							
1	gutted.takin mrs 2 her 1st eng game then. she loves the dive fella.cocky git! wish u well 4rest of internationals.	1							
1	ahh me too :) if you like rella you'll like \ny ( ned flanders)\ ... it's the 3rd song on vol. 2!	1							
1	it was in the member's email. info will be up on the blog tomorrow. series for the next 2 weeks :) daily motivation	1							
1	epic!  judas priest - hell patrol [british steel 30th anniversary hd]  my top fav song from painkiller \m/ love it	1							
1	but does anyone wanna go to boston with me tomorrow to see richie hawtin and loco dice perform? #cntrltour	0							
1	"look how far they've come since july 23rd 2010. they have a smash album, brit award, and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca."	1							
1	optimism: pancake day on sunday.	1							
1	"they put the days we missing on the news: 2 days from christmas break, president's day, and we get out june 24. -______-"	0							
1	\ nick young skill set is crazy !\ him or jr smith for 6th man of the year	0							
1	#stamps the u.s. postal service made a special delivery saturday at the l.a. times festival of books' poetry sta...	0							
1	cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack. time for lights out before my regional day tomorrow! haha #insidejoke #sleep #goodnight	1							
1	so the penguin/random house merger is to go ahead? better than it falling into murdoch's clutches. (a mistake for tuc to sell sun 41 yr ago)	0							
1	yeay..hopefully runman ep 91 with eng sub will be out by tuesday...can't wait to watch it!!!go go go yooruce willis...yoo jae suk jjang!!	1							
1	daily zap: april 3rd:   daily zap: april 3rd  check out a whip around the league for all the highlights from ton...	0							
1	fuck it... no one pays attention anyhow.. this! next tuesday on  the original nirvana drummer chad channing!	-1							
1	burger & blonde friday today  crows nest $2.00 pure blonde with any burger purchase!	0							
1	i can't forgive farrackhan for the malcolm x thing. and ninjas ain't done sht since the million ninjas march...name one thing.where the$	-1							
1	friday flight jfk to lax  am. is it still on? will we get home?	0							
1	the 1971 act lumps it in with president's day and other \monday\ holidays so that federal employees get a 3 day weekend	0							
1	news: bookmaker paddy power's 'lucky pants' make an appearance at chisora weigh-in ahead of saturday's...  #pr #prjobs	0							
1	are you available to play sunday in the president's day game?	0							
1	sixteen tomorrow omg what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building	1							
1	"9/9 account using your blackberry device, u may want to follow  for updates and additional support from rim."	0							
1	omfgomfgomfgomfg the black dahlia murder/machine head/dethklok/all that remains are gonna be at the palladium in november! *joooooooy*	1							
1	free download! adam freeland - morning sun (endymion bootleg)! click on the link below & like endymion on facebook!	0							
1	"merson may not want to gamble, but he's playing poker. at some point you have to take calculated risks."	0							
1	1pm august 16th live stream + duels with miley. :) be prepared!	0							
1	"calm before the storm. i am ready!!! \good girl, bad girl\ stage play tomorrow at fabc! after this show, up next is, \don't judge me.\"	0							
1	you'll find out sunday! he's in a match! then an elimination chamber match for the ic title the week after!	0							
1	watching the eli young band on the cmas right now.. about this time tomorrow i will be watching them in person in starkville!!!!	0							
1	aaah guys it's friday already in spain where  lives... i wanna do follow friday now but i have to consider hawaii's time...	0							
1	watching full 1st season of the finder on hulu plus. so funny lazydaysies i see why you liked it! onaciq	1							
1	iqaluit just wouldn't be iqaluit without the drunks screaming at each other on a saturday morning ... depressing buggers.	-1							
1	"i'm going to north mississippi allstars at neighborhood theatre in charlotte, nc - sep 21"	0							
1	off to st. john's to help coach the girls softball team! iqaluit on wednesday #lastweekendhome	0							
1	primavera fixture list - milan primavera begin their campaign on august 25th at cesena and end it on april 27th at s...	0							
1	we have a game friday at the knicks then back home in miami on saturday against the nuggets #teamheat #heatnation	0							
1	just watched the haye - chisora fight from saturday night. haye smashed it. #boxing	0							
1	as i'm watching candyman i realize that its it not scary at all! kinda funny or it may b the liquor either way i'm laffin	1							
1	"zaheer khan was injured on the 1st test, day 1 of eng's tour. steve finn is now injured(thigh injury) on the day 1 of 1st tour game. hmmm."	-1							
1	james murphy best of luck tomorrow lil man. you'll do great no doubts.	1							
1	im going to be the black dahlia tomorrow and no ones going to get it because everyone is stupid.	-1							
1	#businessnews p&g shifts top executives to singapore: us consumer giant procter and gamble (p&g) said friday it ...	0							
1	"1 nov 12, \...south korea continued to have the highest average connection speed, followed by japan and hong..."	0							
1	well done to the top 3 yesterday 1. omega 2. ej bull ring 3. ld merry hill  the big q4 starts today!  \treat this christmas like your 1st\	1							
1	"lmfao when may comes around, watch zachary cheer for the bulls or celtics lololol"	1							
1	come check out the montanari bros east coast cup october 20th in new haven ct! i will be there! i have some...	0							
1	so i found my vans beanie might take it tomorrow :p	0							
1	"what teams do you think may get transferred/moved in the future?   i can only see the sacramento kings, phoenix..."	0							
1	who's going to pumpkins and pancakes at  october 28? #halloween	0							
1	"on tuesday, the theatres open at ten o'clock in the morning,  as lent begins after eight at night. on tuesday, all those who through  want"	0							
1	i don't see c. edwards doing anything but racing hard on thurs in duels on  i'm sure he will be smart though!	1							
1	"david haye claims a fight with vitali klitschko \has been agreed\, according to the sun. better start protecting that big toe david..."	1							
1	who's into astrology? and i mean in depth with it not just sun sign astrology. in other words able to do natal/birth chart readings?	0							
1	who wants to take me to the fairground's or williamsport's fireworks tomorrow!	0							
1	haven't hear about morgan state.... but coppin state is closed for tomorrow. #sandy	-1							
1	do me a favor.. i want you to look up a song called \tomorrow\ by the winans when you get a chance...and listen to the words	0							
1	s sean and ash doing a run though tonight ready for their radio show tomorrow night live 8pm till 10pm	0							
1	"kang ho dong has come back.  on october 29, kang appeared in the main building of sbs in order to do a shooting..."	0							
1	"i would still vote for enrile. old as he may be, he makes me feel that our law is sweet as it may be sour."	1							
1	italy: also tonight livorno host cesena looking to end of run of 2 home defeats on the trot.hellas in 2nd welcome lowly lanciano tomorrow.	0							
1	"6 agencies, incl. the bomb squad, were needed to dispose of hazardous waste at e. 10th st/post rd."	0							
1	i may do a 30-mile bike ride for the giants on weds cause you know caltrain is going to suck more than the cardinals.	-1							
1	"bel ami you are one strange movie, but i like you and i must keep watching....i may have to read the book."	1							
1	can someone give me a lift from pope pius school to hillsborough on tuesday night at about 7:30 please! anyone! money will be involved!!!	0							
1	nba video - the daily zap: all the action from wednesday's six pack can be found right here in the daily zap.  #nba	0							
1	"just deleted 100 pictures from my phone, realized i look hideous in most, diet starts tomorrow. #goodnight"	0							
1	nba news:  the new york knicks will take on the miami heat at msg on saturday (australian time) in their season...	0							
1	if you dont know hes the vocalist of the metal band lamb of god and is a sorta a 3rd party candidate	-1							
1	"tomorrow, playstation vita owners can download the open playstation all-stars beta. ps3 owners can download the beta on the 23rd. #gamer"	0							
1	want to play in the  homecoming weekend beer pong tourney at jackie o's on sunday? reply or dm us! $16 per team!	0							
1	c'mon... don't play with the winans!!!	-1							
1	check out all of monday's highlights in 2:19 with the daily zap:	0							
1	"i really have to find my dress for saturday. i may have to go with plan b dress, which is fine too."	0							
1	"tons of hw tomorrow, lunch date with joey, back to hw, then magic mike with ash&co. before bed :)"	1							
1	"fans on tv before the 3rd & 16 late in q4 had the \oh no, here we go again\ look."	0							
1	i think every friday im going to tweet: yay degrassi tonight. #getusedtoit	0							
1	"disappointed the knicks vs nets game got canceled tonight, but i'm even more hyped for knicks vs heat on friday!"	-1							
1	may infinite ranking king final episode with eng sub na. waaa :(	-1							
1	"right guys, last competition of the night... like this status for a chance to win a copy of judas priest's 30th..."	1							
1	"nice :) you have good taste in music.. j dilla, 9th wonder, hieroglyphics-s.o.m, blu, big l, mobb deep (:"	1							
1	lol yea i did nigga ! & i said wassup _ was tryin to see was u going up to fairground when the sun leave & shit	0							
1	from  :: asalaamu alaykum all  with the 10th annual london conference being postponed till 16th or (cont)	0							
1	"gumby may be the answer to our forward woes. the bomb squad never stop believing, and we never stop believing in gumby. #releasethegumby"	1							
1	friday- to jack in the box then party at her house. saturday- go to the park and live up the yolo life xd. sunday- watch movies c:	0							
1	"no thank god it died down tuesday morning, i woke up and it was gone! we just need to recover from it! plus nj might have a"	1							
1	on to the 3rd movie - acts of valor. this time we have corn dogs.	0							
1	5 times oscar winner john williams will receive a lifetime achievement award at the classical brit awards on october 2 at royal albert hall	0							
1	i can meet you at sylvia park tomorrow at lunch if you wanna stay over this weekend?! but i know you have vou course so lmk :)	1							
1	"london conference on libya took place tuesday 29 march 2011 and was chaired by the foreign secretary, william hague."	0							
1	the sun does not rise in the same constellation as your zodiac anymore. there has been a shift. astrology is a myth.	-1							
1	"yo, yo, yo. raise your hand if you're going to mass tomorrow! #holyday #gettingupat7"	0							
1	mr. monday night just made my thursday night'!!  #mohrstories	1							
1	downloading duels for ipad now.  finally magic on the perfect device.  i may never play mtgo again. #dotp2013	1							
1	"i was at ramlila ground where baba ramdev is fasting at 2 pm 2nd day. in a hot and humid day all covered area was jam packed,"	0							
1	pokito but i missed you lol you better tell me tomorrow what went on in mr.mickels class(:	1							
1	listen in hour 2 for an expansive interview with poet frank x. walker who present his works at murray state on november 1.  #soundsgood	1							
1	"last race of the season before leagues and cif tomorrow on a brand new course, we'll see how this goes #cantdecidewhethertocareornot"	0							
1	kinda volunteered to work tomorrow night (technically tonight) hope they decide to work their shift cuz ive actually got a lot to do today!	0							
1	yesterday i understood the true meaning of \pancake day\ #february	0							
1	socratic seminar tomorrow about if catholics should vote for obama or rommey..i dont care about politic in my country..imagine in another...	0							
1	may there be no injuries so we can beat the brits.	1							
1	"saltalamacchia is the 4th red sox catcher to hit at least 16 hr in back-to-back seasons, joining carlton fisk, rich gedman and jason varitek"	0							
1	"i'm still at my school, stayed in the 6th form. but i see you got into the brits!! congrats iil bro i'm proud :')"	1							
1	in study mode... cramming to the max for this midterm tomorrow. t-minus 15 hours til exam.	0							
1	"price may have laid out fraundley harrison out pretty bad and easily, but still both klitschko brother wipe the floor with him. #boxing"	-1							
1	can't wait until april 7 going to see riri in concert	1							
1	they tried to pull a fast one and say today is margarita day but that is false. we may be drinking margaritas but it is not margarita day!	-1							
1	"so excited about cannibal corpse, i've seen devildriver twice but this'll be my 1st time for corpse. oh and black dahlia murder!"	0							
1	can you tell evelyn's bum mass i'm not gonna be at the bus stop tomorrow?!?!?	0							
1	lauryn hill's going to be at constitution hall on   november 4th >>>>>>>> i'm in there like swimwear !!!	0							
1	cesena on the 31st is gonna be the best though ;)	1							
1	good morning bomb squad family! i hope you all have a lovely saturday!	1							
1	"yep.  once it's lost, it can never be returned.  i was in constitution hall last fri.  got chills.  so much history was almost lost"	-1							
1	"im going to hell in a cell in atl, the december ppv in memphis, and elimination chamber in nola"	0							
1	oh an i also picked my starting xi for the 1st bangla test on  site. couldnt decide between fidi an tino! i like fidi tho lol!	1							
1	hanging with katie & making fun of okc tropes. this is an awesome thursday night.	1							
1	"it feels like friday.. i been all over starkville today, just cruisin n shit"	0							
1	watching act of valor for about the 17th time. but who's counting	0							
1	#auspol australian prime minister julia gillard's criminal history and her hypocrisy with wikileaks and julian assange	0							
1	"teaching, then rehearsing.  show with the gnr tribute band this friday in cranston, ri at mardis gras!"	0							
1	"may 27 it goin down me,  and  throwing a graduation party! at mardis gras 4275 winchester rd suite 6 pm until 12!"	1							
1	"careless world tour hit up 8 places in cali. haha the fuck, yoo."	-1							
1	mt  free tickets for  talking about dial m for murdoch on 6th december are available	0							
1	just heard you're coming to calgary on the 23rd!! best news ever!! you're going to kill it man!! :)	1							
1	"still my favorite pose of you, :) pancakes tomorrow, glad you're here, we missed dj marcus! sweet dreams!"	1							
1	\dream high 2 premieres on feb 20th with eng sub thru kbs world!\ ok noted	1							
1	november 4th at constitution hall & idk i guess she's out lolol	0							
1	v-p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august 6: 'some of our leaders are also in touch with ...  #india	0							
1	"feb 22 at kfc yum center, you down?!"	1							
1	love this. early sunday morning window shopping while waitibg for the bank to open. lost my e  @ sylvia park	1							
1	i am a tax payer in the u.s. i have no right to vote for the presidential election. i hope mitt romney wins the president seat next tuesday.	-1							
1	"the h roundup - google drive backdoor, wayland 1.0 and raspberry pi: in the week ending 27 october - google ...  #in"	0							
1	tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue's yonghwa and beast's gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november 10.	0							
1	from our matrimony and vacations department - the \wed 'em 'n' spread 'em\ marriage and honeymoon combo. with daily party rafts to somalia!	0							
1	stars play hollywood icons - jane fonda & alan rickman as nancy    we may just have to c this 2gether!	0							
1	"re. mik, ram, lu & c dog, used to work with a few lads with eng as 2nd lang, was very nearly major incident over a simple misinterpretation"	0							
1	the winans singing tomorrow. they still got it.	1							
1	mohsin hamid's 2013 novel = \how to get filthy rich in rising asia\. think they need more typefaces on the cover?	0							
1	i have deca pictures tomorrow too though.. what time are the pictures?	0							
1	"no knicks tonight, this makes me upset enough that i haven't tweeted about it, you know shits gotta be real smh tomorrow night, knicks/heat"	-1							
1	holger may have another selection headache with carl valeri coming off with a possible injury after 30 mins in tonight's game v cesena	-1							
1	"day chilling with kurt in sheffield, movie night in then out for a posh meal tomorrow! maybe even a kfc for breakfast...."	1							
1	also read how #msm lies: thin crowd @ ramlila on 3rd day: n read for facts 60k+ crowd 2day	0							
1	you know rih is having a halloween party tomorrow in la?	0							
1	mbb: murray state just outside top 25 (29th) in preseason usa today coaches poll:  #ovc	0							
1	if anyone at rchs wants their picture in the yearbook of them \just hanging out\ with friends message me before friday!!! #indesperateneed	0							
1	"on tuesday night at neighborhood theatre, the crowd chanted for an encore. so, naturally,"	0							
1	so excited to start up with lax again on sunday #missit	1							
1	"october 18 is the birthday of chuck berry. about the talent in his chart, see art&astrology:"	0							
1	you may want to plan on getting a cup of coffee at winans this saturday!	0							
1	i'm going to be at your santos party house this saturday for the \weird by weird standards\ party. stop by and we'll rage!!	1							
1	"the prince is announcing something with oceans north canada & qia on thursday. he will also meet the premier, iqaluit's mayor etc. #cbcnorth"	0							
1	"#flexthursday !! dis thursday!!!!!wit   crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit #pinkcity!,:-)"	0							
1	"missing hooters,my husband,my life,my photoshoot tomorrow,guess i'm gonna drink this bottle of wine with a xanax and pass the fuck out. #bye"	-1							
1	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th w ...	1							
1	new haven ct! come to the teen center and party with us august 31st and help us end \the coming alive tour\ with a bang! ;)	1							
1	"catch ncaa men's basketball finals game 3 today, 12:45pm live on tv5 and replay on aktv right after the pba 2nd game. #sanbedaredlions"	0							
1	watching puss in boots & ghost rider: spirit of vengeance with the family! d&d character roll up and bio tomorrow!	0							
1	fright night with meek mill & machine gun kelly @ teaneck national guard armory october 27th @ 7pm bbod will be opening hit us for tickets	0							
1	i'm taking it easy since i'll fly to cupertino on sunday.	1							
1	if i may make another suggestion. d.r.u.g.s. mixtape by flatbush zombies. i know it sounds weird af but trust me. #dopeness	1							
1	wait i think i know who it is. i may be wrong but i swear in an interview one of you said you'd like to sing a stan walker song	0							
1	winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area  until 8:00am wednesday.	0							
1	"gary carter on 2nd screen: content is floating free from the distribution platform. opportunity for producers, threat for broadcasters"	0							
1	about to watch act of valor for like the 4th time lol	1							
1	pampers baby dry size 4 diapers economy pack plus 192 count was the most popular selling grocery item on ash wed...	1							
1	truck will be doing a private event and the cart will be at the lent space on 6th ave and canal st.	0							
1	i've seen them twice. at download after saxon and headlined the 2nd stage and the priest feast with judas priest and megadeth	0							
1	kinda pumped for the gardner game tomorrow	1							
1	"info]tiffany will be the mc for sbs k-pop super concert in usa on nov 10 sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10	0	1	110100, 011011000110, 1111110010110, 11100110110, 11111110101110, 1111110010100, 11100110101, 0101110, 11110101101001, 1011100, 10111111, 10111110, 001110111, 1111011110111100, 1110010101, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	is it weird that i still remember that josh bradley's birthday is on the 15th? no?ok.	0							
1	this is the happz for this friday movement fam. 6.30pm at sylvia park (meet up in the open space below the...	0							
1	"i feel you, game game rillos, dutch ls, standard procedure. might have to send him on a 2nd mission lol"	0							
1	this is the 1st halloween my kids didn't go trick or treating... kinda sad they are too old for it now cuz i...	-1							
1	us uk bots cannot wait for your arrival tomorrow! we love you rita! x	1							
1	"hung out with my housemate more (she's awesome!), went to crows nest festival, celebrated my dogs 5th birthday (love you diesel bean!) ..."	1							
1	p&g shifts top executives to singapore: singapore: us consumer giant procter and gamble (p&g) said friday it wil...	0							
1	"knicks vs. hawks: atlanta, new york battle for playoff positioning ...: the knicks and the hawks battle sunday a..."	0							
1	"ermahgerd, why is it only 10:46am?! i want sunday to come already. shopping spree at the florida mall, yes yes yes. #muchneeded"	1							
1	anybody going to long beach comic con this saturday?	0							
1	"wonder if my concert going buddy wants to go to machine gun kelly, rick ross, meek mill, and wale nov 20 in indy ??"	0							
1	"super tuesday is just a few days away, can the president make it?"	1							
1	girls gone wild gon be at my school thursday shit gon be crazzzzyy make sure i be my ass on campus lol #npu	1							
1	gamble landed at ludlow with our first  selection hold court winning at 13-8 from 9-2. super duty ran well in 2nd and will be	1							
1	#tragickingdom is the best album of all and my favorite song off this album is #excusememr. sunday morning and sixteen are close seconds...	1							
1	come check out  at the black dahlia on saturday night! it's going to be a party!	0							
1	okay if you go to elon university and do not go to the rip_chords concert saturday...you're sinning.	-1							
1	rodeo saturday anyone going?	0							
1	yeah kj sent an email out yesterday with info and she said she'll follow up with another email tomorrow with the details	0							
1	"i know, they are also headed to the bell center on feb 27th, i'm really debating about going!"	0							
1	"primavera: bologna-milan tomorrow - milan &#45; after a loss to cesena and a won over verona, the primavera side get..."	0							
1	y'all be sure to download that yehive app on friday too. we're trying to put msu and starkville on the map.	0							
1	"#forbes cupertino, ca - october 04: apple ceo tim cook speaks at the event introducing the new iphone 4s at the ..."	0							
1	"take the cue from enrile and cuevas. besides, may stem cell na. ha ha."	0							
1	looking at the statistics of my yt account: 49.3% of 35-44 years old male from south korea landing at 2nd place of my audience list. o.0	0							
1	"kevin rudd talks about pm betrayal - updated: 19:00, sunday oct 28, 2012 senior labor mps are again batting divided ..."	-1							
1	playoff weekend starts tomorrow. knicks vs. miami. and you know this!	0							
1	love this vid!! 1st time i've seen it!--- jules explains it all - david archuleta sings \nandito ako.\  via	1							
1	went out with a olee in cupertino vallco shopping center. then nice outside paido for dinners.friday'$ :-)	1							
1	stick with libero for live updates from the games tomorrow: feyenoord vs ajax and bayern munich vs bayer leverkusen	0							
1	big day tomorrow! all sandy is gonna do is give us a half as bj! eastbound on stage at big fish shtick 2:30pm. then zombie bar crawl!	1							
1	anybody want carrie underwood tickets for saturday night in charlotte??	0							
1	"tomorrow knicks vs heat it gonna be tough game carmelo anthony, tyson chandler and jason kidd vs lebron james, dwayne wade and chris bosh"	0							
1	the fall career fair is this wednesday 10/10 in the murphy center from 10am-2pm. free to all mtsu students and...	0							
1	hey i'm coming home tomorrow to surprise lauren so don't tell her but i'm going to need you or someone to let me in	0							
1	"yearbook pictures for jr.larc's will be next tuesday, the 6th at lunch at the library parking lot side"	0							
1	remember to make  your #1 option for game night meals for tomorrow's knicks/heat game and saturday's nets/raptors game!	0							
1	"jan mursak is making his season debut tonight in place of todd bertuzzi, per  #redwings"	0							
1	"fyi. wednesday is going to suck on caltrain, if you even plan on going to work that is. parade."	-1							
1	#media #us #ru klitschko is big hit with ukrainian voters: kiev (afp) - ukraine prepared saturday...  #eu #uk #obama	0							
1	i have either just made an awesome king cake for work tomorrow...or the worst darn thing to ever hit a persons mouth...we shall see	0							
1	"i'm going to geoff tate at backstage live in san antonio, tx - nov 21"	0							
1	national margarita day please tell me this is bullshit -  prove it for yourself ash wednesday lent flamengo x vasco	-1							
1	dont look now but: brook lopez had 19 pts & 9 rebs (28mins) in 1st game back from foot injury over weekend. 18 & 11 (25 mins) tonight.	0							
1	plies is just kirk franklin on a saturday night	0							
1	morgan state & hampton univ go head to head at the #nyulclassic on nov 17 @ yankee stadium!  we'd love to see you there!	1							
1	check my 1st time playin with jlin. #linsanity	0							
1	super bummed to find out that wppi is the same time as our kids' spring break. why is it in march this time?!  #fb	0							
1	"shut up & hit this party saturday!  - pop recommends:  one of our all time heroes, the legendary james murphy..."	0							
1	my guess is the kissing too. obviously they don't hear him as they pull apart when max walks in tomorrow x	0							
1	not going to school because yolo... & because my essay is so not gonna be ready by tomorrow.	-1							
1	david the uk bookies have got you penciled in with vitali for 30th december : do they know something we don't ??	0							
1	max might have to get put down tomorrow </3 absolutely heart breaking if i have to see my puppy go. love you maxy x	-1							
1	"my social media week starts tomorrow, kicking off with 'socialising the internet of things'. sounds intriguing. #smwldn"	1							
1	trying on my pope costume just to make sure its safe for tomorrow.	1							
1	haha i just may have to see him at rodeo this year. thankfully it's a saturday!!!	1							
1	jeremy lin has 10 points and 4 assists. he would be the 4th best pg on the knicks.	1							
1	"which camera rep are you most excited to see at demo days on nov 16 & 17? (nikon, canon, tamron, sony, sigma etc...)"	0							
1	agree. big l might have been the best to ever freestyle. its a race for 2nd.	1							
1	hey mr \ego\ october...gary carter & kirby puckett are hofers as are you...the difference is...they were class acts...which you aren't!!	-1							
1	#flexthursday !! dis thursday!!!!!wit   crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit #pinkcity!!!!!!!	0							
1	"i first heard them when \farewell to the fairground\ was their single, whenever that was. i think they have a 2nd album now"	0							
1	i'm going to walgreens tomorrow because i know there's gonna be a sale on halloween candy.	0							
1	c'mon roma its the twitter lyfestyle. get with it	0							
1	"photos i took tuesday morning of the aftermath from hurricane #sandy in a 2 block span of long beach, ny"	0							
1	i haven't been able to look at todd bertuzzi the same way since the steve moore incident	-1							
1	n.w: unofficially yours for the 5th time :))	0							
1	"tomorrow is all souls day - join us for mass at 8.30am or 7.15pm. holy hour after the 7.15pm mass, led by..."	0							
1	"my source from the arsenal camp has leaked me a pre-meditated xi for saturday, anyone want me to post it?  >bruce<"	0							
1	news : visafone and research in motion (rim) on wednesday seal a deal in lagos that will see the first cdma blackberry roll out in nigeria.	0							
1	"bayer leverkusen now up to 5th - level on points with borussia dortmund, one of the big winners this weekend - nine behind bayern..."	0							
1	born in july with the same life path as mick jagger.	0							
1	she shot it on december 21 2011 the same week as rim & sh. those 'screenshots' were for the vibe magazine.	0							
1	mack sure you check out  and  this saturday @ club bodi	0							
1	"so in flames is coming back in december with lamb of god, then a couple days later, dethklok is coming with black dahlia murder #stoked"	0							
1	everybody tryna get these galaxy foams .. yall not hip that the year of the dragon 2012's come out on saturday also ?? smfh #hypebeast	0							
1	"surprisingly, i will still bob my head to anything from mick jagger to son of sardar. yes, you may judge me now."	1							
1	somehow eyeshadow smeared to the center of my forehead. i look like a participant of ash wed. and i pulled out chunks of eyelashes :/ #fuck	-1							
1	flying home tonight and arriving monday! at florida mall atm but got txt from ba saying its delayed til 2am! #peak	0							
1	28th in super tuesday. was chipleading since the bubble and ak < aj < kk after a on the flop in monster chiplead pot and 77< a6o >avg pot.	0							
1	so happy nba is back. feeling a bit disappointed in the nuggets tonight but the laker's 2nd consecutive loss helps to compensate.	0							
1	"how about that knicks/heat game tomorrow though lol, #imonit"	0							
1	act of valor may have just become one of the best movies i've ever seen	1							
1	friday night knicks vs heat if you not watching the game wit me dont fuck with me lbs i be engaged like a mf #knicksnation #teammelo	-1							
1	"follow  and meet her on november 26, outside the bell center at 4:00? 3"	0							
1	might have to skip my bro's rival game tomorrow just to watch the heat vs knicks and clippers vs. lakers	0							
1	"i wish i had a ss tshirt, i would wear it right now and tomorrow"	0							
1	i wish it was sarah g. day 'cause that's my funday my i don't have to runday it's just another manic monday	1							
1	"ecuador worried about assange's health - ecuador says it is concerned about the health of the wikileaks founder, jul..."	-1							
1	cba with work tonight. tommorw. sat. sun. and monday.	0							
1	buyers of wal-born supplements may get refunds from walgreens: the company touted the supplements' likeness to t...	0							
1	"lemme know the exact date because i wanna come with you , and we out to rih concert in march cha ! ?"	0							
1	haha you gotta give me the info tomorrow then lol	1							
1	don't know why i'm just now realizing that ffffest is tomorrow. someone (besides  get on stage and dutty wine with santigold for me.	0							
1	"in all honesty, biden saw \bridesmaids\ for the 1st time today and can't stop thinking about maya rudolph shitting in the street. #vpdebate"	0							
1	"happy 21st to my mini me, twin, and the craziest nette i know- rita. love ya!!!"	1							
1	"heisesec the h roundup - google drive backdoor, wayland 1.0 and raspberry pi: in the week ending 27 october - go..."	0							
1	beautiful washington monument in dc as the sun sets:  what a walking path!	1							
1	bring the adidas sock tomorrow	0							
1	"sixteen saltines (5th), freedom at 21 (6th), i'm shakin after the game #nlcshakin"	0							
1	the beauty of sun news! sun tv bagging ipl contract is a breaking news on #ndtv while sun news is busy talking about jayalalithaa! #tn	1							
1	photos: the 10th hour & fear of none played the basement at santos party house	0							
1	i rented sherlock 2 and ghost rider 2 this last friday! they were both good! i rented journey 2 last night! it had a really cute guy in it!!	1							
1	"to all my shapeshifter teammates, family and friends travelling back from hawaii today tonight and tomorrow, safe travels!"	0							
1	", may i ask about the agent of procter gmable products in jordan, i need this for research in university .  thanks   wissam"	0							
1	bust it baby by plies feat ne-yo was my ishhh all 8th grade year! reminds me of my ex.... in a good way. one of the best years	1							
1	james murphy may produce the next arcade fire album:  via	0							
1	"good win in the end for our 2nd team. amoo, wright and procter best players #pnefc"	1							
1	i'm so ready for  to get here tomorrow! another fun weekend in starkville with my sweet boy!!	1							
1	ahaaa. mom is funny af'. lolrt  my mom called & said she's going to thee club saturday to see plies -____- mom sit down .	0							
1	"fuck it,  might go see reggie tomorrow ..."	-1							
1	i am getting ready for the master class that i am teaching at wppi this coming tuesday which is going to be a...	0							
1	galaxy foams painting sneak peak. finishing in the morning. vid tomorrow night!	0							
1	"tickets have come to see #theused on november 8th at the nia! sweet, even though evanescence are headline i'm just going to see the used!"	0							
1	"you only have three days left, this sunday is the last day to swim at fairground pool this season."	0							
1	u.s. postal service will increase stamp prices by one cent: the u.s. postal service said thursday that the cost of...	0							
1	i'm serious hawaii is the best vacation spot come in like march :) tickets are cheaper on monday	1							
1	the best mom award goes to my mom for getting me tickets to go see carrie underwood and hunter hayes in concert this sunday! #ahhhhhh <3	1							
1	i just got my vans for tomorrow:d yay and my shirt green i have a grup that going to be lile that:d yay photo tomorrow<3	1							
1	"if someone takes me to carrie underwood next thursday, i will love you forever. #nokidding #blownaway"	1							
1	are you going to watch the nuggets tomorrow?????	0							
1	"i'd go with my first time for evanescence but the 2nd was amazing, nightwish was gorgeous, same for gaga, so difficult ^^'"	1							
1	now watching ncaa finals game 3 in tv5! may the best team win!	1							
1	guys he's the 1st among 2pm members :') \eng sub 2pm ok taecyeon #23 top 100 idol countdown\ on youtube	0							
1	this lady bought 4 bottles of wine on monday ... it's only thursday and she's down to one .... #thirstythirsday #alcoholic	0							
1	"same could be said about marie colvin. i may not liked him, nor his employer but he never harmed anyone and he has family."	0							
1	\ nba season starts tomorrow! who is your favorite team? will the heat repeat as champs? sacramento kings.     nope	0							
1	new york knicks vs. brooklyn nets season opener rescheduled for november 26: the game between the new york knick...	0							
1	we always get pushed out to ss4 with ben sheppard. could be worse. could be thursday night with colin murray #afc	-1							
1	oh and p.s. big adidas warehouse sale tomorrow if you're interested!	1							
1	san antonio - your october 18th show for the collide with the sky tour has been moved to backstage live!	0							
1	what a perfect day for a wedding workshop! the idea was born at wppi in feb...and not only is it finally here it...	1							
1	reggie would make a good mcs teacher. i'm talk to pratna about it tomorrow but i'm probably just dropping and ill do online	1							
1	\men tomorrow you will have one of your hardest patrols...cif turn in\ lets hope i have everything	-1							
1	"hisd students perform gangnam-style dance to get voters to polls: hisd is working to \get out the vote\ in november,..."	0							
1	"so lucky that i'm off college tuesday, wednesday and thursday next week when i'm going watching evanescence on tuesday night :d"	1							
1	"ghost rider will be joining mvpc tomorrow afternoon. he's blind, but we're hoping its just cataracts.... ghost is..."	0							
1	"#umes followers don't forget, #umesvolleyball takes on morgan state today at 3! be there or be really bored cuz it's a sunday. your choice"	-1							
1	early voting is open check out the mommy forum for a list of locations to get your votes in before super tuesday!...	0							
1	"i'd want mannone,jenks/sagna,per,kos,tv5,coq,arteta,santi,theo/gnabry,giroud,poldi to start tomorrow"	0							
1	did you just tell me lucas scott leaves in the 5th season of tree hill? #youjustruinedmylife	-1							
1	"\ playing todd bertuzzi in a golf match on sunday #ridgemountcup\ get in his head, \uh what do you do for a living?\"	0							
1	think ima go to nicki concert @ the dar constitution hall on the 21st.. 2 chainz gonna be dere	0							
1	"lifting up the people affected in those areas, especialy in ny and in nj. may they experience god's holding them close to his heart!"	1							
1	beautiful flat meal cooked by the lovely  topped off nicely with half a tub of ben and jerrys. diet starts tomorrow! #fatties	1							
1	"part of the india 'a' playing xi, will be available for the ranji trophy opening fixture against baroda starting tomorrow."	0							
1	look at joseph lol. me too i dont want to attend teacher jlin's class under the sun! i dont light sun that much hahaha	-1							
1	"\music of the sun\, \a girl like me\, \good girl gone bad\, \rated r\, \loud\, \talk that talk\. > > > > > > > >"	0							
1	"if you see me tomorrow don't talk to me unless if you want to talk about  whap, chinese, deca or trig #zombie #iwontbesocial"	0							
1	no problem! boi you best be at rim tomorrow lol there is like no one going to rim.. and lol i really dont wanna go to school..	-1							
1	"oh lordy, a hilarious night of dressing up as jackie o and nelson. godamn it, its only wednesday"	1							
1	last day to order your crew necks are tomorrow. order being out in tomorrow at 2. find evan or cole. 30 bucks. #takeover	0							
1	world tomorrow with julian assange - wikileaks - all episodes: all twelve episodes plus the trailer for the show...	0							
1	our daytona 500 is on wednesday! shootout and duels on tuesday. thants to  for letting us use some rules. rules 16 to the end.	0							
1	"bbc-africa] somalia announce cecafa cup plans: somalia will arrive in uganda on 8 november to give the team tim...	0	1	11101011110100, 1111011110111110, 1110100, 110100, 11100110110, 1010, 11100110101, 010110011011, 11110111011000, 111111101110, 10111111, 10111110, 01011011111100, 001110111, 111001110, 100001, 1111001101111110, 01011001000, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	"dethklok, all that remains, machine head, black dahlia murder, and the pacquiao vs marquez fight this december >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>"	0							
1	"in south korea, when ur born, ur already a 1 yr old, #psy was born on 31st decemeber, so next day he was 2 yr old :d #truefact"	0							
1	big thanks i might do that tomorrow and you too  better than hayley and zachary cuz they have no patient lol!!:d	1							
1	help white arrows in their invisible children campaign! see em at the bottle next friday with family of the year...	0							
1	"assange: i'll stay in embassy until u.s. backs off: julian assange, founder of wikileaks, said thursday he won't..."	0							
1	i got do when i'm in yearbook room so send it like tomorrow.	0							
1	effort pa friends!!! sarah g. day is down to the 3rd spot nalg. huwar patibag! :)	0							
1	"#cmst393 here's an article about anonymous, which is choosing now to distance itself from wikileaks"	0							
1	"bad news, no gibbs for saturday. unless we play tv5 at lb, we have lost before it's started. santos is a liability and will be cut to shreds"	-1							
1	procter isn't even here yet for my sat room and everyone else is about to start...how awesome is that?	1							
1	"ash....., you may say anything about her but she is one of the prettiest women in india, happy birthday aishwarya rai"	1							
1	good morning bel ami fans! thought we'd start your sunday off with more gorgeous bel ami fan art! this one...	0							
1	watching act of valor. looking forward to #ultimatfighterfridays next friday (: really think  has the contract in the bag	1							
1	going to make some food and watch act of valor. spending my friday night relaxing.	1							
1	don't forget the classical brit awards at 10pm tonight for a special appearance of the 25th anniversary cast of phantom for 26th bday??	0							
1	carmelo anthony is going to put on a show tomorrow mark my words #teammelo #knickstape	0							
1	"done work for the week, seeing rush tomorrow in buffalo, then playing with plan b at brydens in milton sat for the halloween bash. wooo!"	0							
1	app status changed to \in review\ on a  sunday? do they always work 7 days or is it pre-holiday crunch time in cupertino?	0							
1	i feeling kfc after the game tomorrow #mixingitup #tacobellisgettingold	0							
1	#pakistan#news procter and gamble sales fall 6.7 %: p&g said net earnings in the quarter to september 30 fell to...	-1							
1	yeah that's wha i'm doing tomorrow. your topic seems interesting as fuck. lol my shit is on malcolm x. but ima just	1							
1	"champion of the earth\  frank warren already looking into the unification possibilities, may put her in with chisora first!"	0							
1	chelsea need to beat ajax to keep up there battle with ajax for 2nd place #nextgenseries	0							
1	ct fashion week presents the 1st annual riviera expo   195 front street (quinnipiac riviera) new haven ct....	0							
1	this week is social media week and tomorrow the lga are hosting a tweeterthon which i will be taking part in. follow me at work #ourday	0							
1	"edmonton's james murdoch and jay sparrow take their new collaboration to toronto's rivoli tonight, dakota tavern sat"	0							
1	rella wake up to shank one day thn pczeey the nxt day so who dat 3rd baby pappy lol #shedontknow	1							
1	porto are the only team letting me down! c'mon boys turn this around	-1							
1	i think i may have spent too much on carmelo anthony. i only hope that his thick-framed black glasses will console me in the post-season.	-1							
1	"casually sat in the toilet at the hospital on the phone to harry then ben, standard"	0							
1	"ghost rider 2 sucks compared to the 1st, my mom ash are looking at it and i told them the same haha."	-1							
1	"siapin nih..like a g6,that what makes you beautiful,just dance,boom boom pow! ready for the day after tomorrow"	1							
1	spb is bringing  one week from today! see you next tuesday at 7 in constitution hall!	0							
1	does everyone not realize the voice is rigged. ie cassadee pope sang in the signed band hey monday. or dia was half of meg & dia.	-1							
1	"right then..diet starts monday, probably not the wisest choice with christmas coming up..but im gonna smash it!!"	1							
1	\like\ if malcolm x somehow changed your life... jump head 1st into the deep end of a pool with no water if you...	0							
1	"don't worry dear, sarah g. day is going to be on the top list until the 26th, or should i say forever? hahaha.. happy ash wed!"	1							
1	"follow  and meet her on november 26. she deserves to meet you,crew & justin. she'll be at the bell center at 4!"	0							
1	playing jacinto on gears3 on guardian fer the 1st time nd its raining wth..	-1							
1	sick a'f and going to school tomorrow yolo	-1							
1	"morgan state calls timeout. its dsu 28, morgan state 20 with 7:09left in the 4th quarter. morgan state is going for 4th down at the dsu 22"	0							
1	imaaa be gone til sunday the 19th ! :)	1							
1	"i cooked breakfast baby ! for the 1st time in a long time ^_^ #everything on #point. eggs,grits,sausage and pancakes ! aha :p #boom!"	1							
1	somebody tell me what is there to do on friday night in n.o.? i'm trynna bring my b-day in the right way	0							
1	this is a most excellent wed! the 2 boxes of porto's goodies that just showed up at studio re-enforcing this! #redvelvetcupcakebreakfast	1							
1	"hello nuggets, i'm going to get you tomorrow."	0							
1	for all of you that havent already heard theres a car bash for deca tomorrow. bring a dollar and support wkhs and deca #beatlexington	0							
1	"on the show now, tsu hc rod reed, his tigers take on murray state on saturday.  tsu is 8-1 (4-1 in the ovc)"	0							
1	"with amar'e out, thinking the knicks may start either jr smith or chris copeland. if it's the latter they start, hopefully he's productive"	0							
1	damn brah it was good too! we play the knicks tomorrow	1							
1	jennifer aniston shows she's prada her figure at fashion bash - the sun	0							
1	bayer leverkusen are winning 1-0 at bayern munich - the apocalypse starts tomorrow	0							
1	rihanna's drummer announced that rih is going perform on saturday night live!!! #slay	0							
1	"even if you're totally over the whole political process and don't feel like going out on super tuesday, remember..."	0							
1	": hatebreed & lamb of god, tonight. asap rocky, tonight. converge, tonight. a lot going on for a tuesday."	0							
1	we have been informed of caltrain's 9:10 delay of 15 min. we a 2nd shuttle on route for the delayed train. call 408-525-4646.	0							
1	the nuggets kick off their season tonight and we're hosting nuggets fans this saturday to watch the miami heat...	0							
1	"live review: of montreal, neighborhood theatre, 6/12/2012: on tuesday night at neighborhood theatre, the crowd..."	0							
1	same here!! the funny thing is that i saw rih exactly one year ago! on the loud tour november 1 2011 :)	1							
1	rocking out with machine gun kelly tomorrow night! #tiwia #wildboy	0							
1	"upa trying to hide corruption with reform, fdi: jayalalithaa: chennai, oct 6: tearing into the centre's b...  #india"	0							
1	"karma vs flow!!! join us this sunday on the terrace.... we're taking it deep all the way :-) filthy rich, richie..."	1							
1	for our feb. issue: what do you splurge on right before lent? where in nova do you splurge? what have you given up for lent?	0							
1	vta scores td on 3rd drive ledesma pass to winans ztra point good 10-0 with 8 min left in 2nd qtr	1							
1	see preservation as it happens! learn about the kansas question at constitution hall in topeka on friday.	0							
1	starting my work week sunday at kfc if i can make it in	0							
1	i want to see white arrows at north star bar sat +  studio session on wed	0							
1	pondering what todo with this 512mb raspberry pi sat on my desk! got the other two doing radio tasks!	0							
1	im waiting for love rain's 11th episode in eng sub :)) the modern cast are so great!	1							
1	how can you hate on yolo....please tell me how living your 2nd time is	-1							
1	were you at the haye vs chisora fight on sat? we saw you at the side of the ring n then you disappeared #likemagic	0							
1	#tbt reppin the w&m sweatshirt on my 2nd birthday. i had a sweet lion king cake too	1							
1	"i know i'm only on the 4th season of oth, but i don't understand why everyone loves lucas scott. he pisses me off."	-1							
1	gift ideas for my 60th coming in october - 40 ridiculously expensive gadgets for the filthy rich  via	0							
1	rare duplex for sale in cupertino with monta vista high! gorgeous granite slab kitchen! rent 1 & live in 1! open sat.	0							
1	we've come all the way from canadia... on caltrain to #stanford! #quatchi #s  @ 22nd street caltrain station	0							
1	"klitschko vs. wach, 10th of nov in germany, note it down in your tv schedules!"	0							
1	"sbs popped it into an earlier time slot, across 3 weeks- so i missed the 1st one- (maddening!) but watched online- was v good."	1							
1	i have lots of spare jars. marmalade is the one 'jam' g&i have not yet made. so glad u found ash wed easy & uplifting.	1							
1	the india rich list edition will be available in mumbai from today.other cities can get it tomorrow onward. it remains on stands till dec 31	0							
1	tomorrow you can show me lucas scott and lily roe #loser	-1							
1	i favorited a  video  pope explains the significance of lent and ash wednesday	1							
1	nodarioty happening tomorrow night at neighborhood theatre. put it on your social agenda to come out support your local artist!!!	0							
1	josh bradley turns 23 tommorrow!! july 15.  hope all is well with you!! enjoying your music. have some halo-halo!	1							
1	wanna winwin some tickets to the vice x cph:dox - dk x dr party this saturday with james murphy and 2manydj's on...	0							
1	friday - dracula time again at the leicester square theatre at 7.00pm. not doink anysing? come and join van helsing! yes! it is i!	1							
1	"daily zap okc vs san june 2nd 2012:   daily zap okc vs san june 2nd 2012  check tonight's e...  wait 5s,pressskip ad"	0							
1	roll on tuesday for pack the park up the vale feed the pope he will score	1							
1	"due to football making cif, the spaghetti dinner has been moved to monday, november 26. dinner served at 6:30, performance starts at 7"	0							
1	tomorrow new episode of rm but then need to wait monday for rm with eng sub. hais	0							
1	4ths are in striking distance of promotion & the title. sunday is presidents day. be great to get as many of us together. 2pm legends v club	1							
1	just in case you haven't had enough we have plenty of birthday cake ready for you tomorrow!	1							
1	wow. tiger fires a 63 but not good enough.  nick watney shoots a 59 if he birdies the 18th?!? #sick	-1							
1	"brook lopez gets a short shot +1, #brooklynnets lead 71-56 w/ 4:20 to play in the 3rd quarter. #hellobrooklyn"	0							
1	\basically the whole point of mardi gras is to sin as much as you can before ash wednesday\	0							
1	"what better than to enjoy turkey, pumpkin pie and birthday cake all on the same day #monday. best way to celebrate being legal! #cantwait"	1							
1	guys ... april 27 ...  is coming to lexington. #going	0							
1	funny you should ask  we will be @ the leicester square theatre on october 10th at 9pm performing our edinburgh show4a final time!	1							
1	"how excited i was because dec 9th i was going to see asking alexndria, ss and mmf but i came home and found out what"	-1							
1	"have to get used to getting up early again starting tomorrow. yet it seemed so bearable only when doing it for nandito ako, lol."	0							
1	girls gone wild -->> club roar going be a zoo friday	0							
1	stoke will make a january move for blackburn's martin olsson and newcastle are fighting napoli and roma for rive...	0							
1	"presidents day tomorrow.  come on down, there might even be cricket to watch before the festivities."	0							
1	#flexthursday !! dis thursday!!!!!wit   crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit #pinkcity!..	0							
1	hope to see you at our social media week event in glasgow tomorrow.  #smwfilmcamp	1							
1	"br's amazing food, music & culture scene may be encased in strip malls like a baby embedded in a king cake, but it's there."	1							
1	i find it funny that this is the 5th year in a row that brad paisley and carrie underwood have hosted the cmas	1							
1	"i think they did in 10/11 when tv5 was out. certainly played at home v barcelona, hard to believe it's the same pair as on tuesday!"	0							
1	hold up!! i can't make plans for tomorrow.. tomorrow it's game time.. 3:30pm >.> knicks vs heat..	0							
1	"jennifer aniston & drew barrymore: fill in the blank!: at the 2012 lacma art + film gala on saturday, jennifer a..."	0							
1	"tomorrow i plan on playing blackops zombies, gears3, and maybe mw3 all day thanks to my 2day live code. anyone down for some gaming?"	1							
1	"oppa,u may b the one who tweets most in kidols but only in hangul.plz tweet in eng!"	1							
1	(even the spirit of vengeance thinks you two should wed.)	0							
1	if barack obama cared 4 the people of nj he would lift union ban like george bush did 3days after katrina. #sandy #october failed leadership	-1							
1	can someone bless with mr wattecamps hw tomorrow	0							
1	"make sure you have the songs 64, 50, rella, oldie & tron cat for tomorrow baby ;)"	0							
1	"this time tomorrow,  and i will be well on our way to starkville for a sick weekend...the usm game is going to be atrocious."	-1							
1	"dont get paid till saturday but im going traffod centre tonight, cba"	-1							
1	"check it out!! frobisher says! is free for ps vita october 23rd: posted by don mesa // director, product plannin..."	0							
1	"playstation vita | a free-to-play rpg worth playing, landing on the vita in early 2013 picotto knights may be"	0							
1	my official bday weekend kicking off party friday sept 21st @ club bodi and going out with a bang grand finale @ ...	0							
1	ghost  rider 2 was good but it was super trippy. 1st one is better.	1							
1	this thursday at backstage live #piercetheveil with my baby<3	0							
1	my graduation tomorrow is at constitution hall. if u wana go just hit me	0							
1	i can't wait to cruise walgreens tomorrow for all the half-price avatars. #lovemeeeeeeeee	1							
1	spending quality time with katherine louise and mileys smiley! katie leaves indiana tomorrow. #sadtweet #gonnamissher #sad #gonnacry	0							
1	"khader adnan may be released, but the struggle continues. 1,600 palestinians are on an open ended strike as of today to mark prisoner day."	-1							
1	"#stluciemets honoring the late gary carter this thurs in game vs lakeland. carter's family, hojo will be in attendance.  #mets"	0							
1	happy birthday to the one and only josh bradley! mwahahaha! haaamaaazing! may birthday ang character ni david xd  #nanditoako	1							
1	act of valor was just as good the 2nd time watching it	1							
1	i would really love to get a ps vita. my sisters 16th is coming soon and she would be overjoyed if she gets one. #ckrcomp	1							
1	friday starts with playing smells like teen spirit - nirvana #clt	0							
1	#tmzeargasm tomorrow.. #back2back. we will play nirvana. another 4 acts. who do you want? tell us :)	0							
1	i've always liked the sun devils they have great representation on girls gone wild	1							
1	big l may be my favorite artist right now. even tho he gon. rip	1							
1	"most college kids go get drunk on friday nights, i just read wikileaks releases & listen to revolution songs.  am i normal?"	0							
1	good day eventing today with a win on endymion entrechat an a 5th with viscount oscar! very early start tomorrow for event #2 in hampshire	1							
1	time to test out one of my steams games when i get home then at 9pm eastern going live w/  for our 1st weekly gears3 funfest.	0							
1	so evelyn is giving me until saturday to tell my parents or else she'll tell them. ugh. i just haaad to tell her..	0							
1	tomm and sunday most likely. not sure when i'm going back. no power in nj	-1							
1	chisora? or will he not have it? once this 3rd defence is done and he owns the belt outright will he move up in class then?	0							
1	you may want to contact sony at  or we can post a question on ms community for you. let us know! ^ny	0							
1	chadmmurray one of your infamous lucas scott quotes is going to be tattooed on me on sunday. a small	0							
1	"'now behold the lamb, the precious lamb of god, born in2 sin that i may live again, the precious lamb of god'"	0							
1	"thanks to the president's support, i'm on track to become the 1st college grad in my small business owning family."	1							
1	the cast & crew of #thecurioussavage! see it here at ash november 16 & 17! #fallplay #thespiangazelles	0							
1	"win tickets to see manchester city v ajax with ford!: source:  --- thursday, november 0...  #mcfc"	0							
1	what is the actual date for josh bradley's bday?? july 14 or 15?? i get mixed up with international time haha.	0							
1	"is this cif piece meant to be funny?  i mean, other than in the unintentional sense of being ironically humourless"	-1							
1	"my lips are chapped, my ovaries hurt, and i cannot think of any scary movies with alan rickman. thursday sucks."	-1							
1	look she may be there for the moment but rih will always be in his life so she is irrelevant tbh	0							
1	a 19th journo murdered in somalia / tokyo 2020 unveils stadium design rivals/ why madrid says it needs 2020 olympics /	-1							
1	"we are playing a one off hip hop based set without danny this saturday at plan b, brixton, alongside the dub ratz..."	0							
1	you also employ todd bertuzzi like c'mon man	0							
1	nirvana reflexology spa may have just saved my foot today ... i highly recommend	1							
1	"fireworks go on sale tomorrow. i'm sorry, but after experiencing independence day in the states, nz fireworks can't impress me at all."	-1							
1	"at the vitali klitschko party udar meeting in odessa, near potemkin stairs. 27 sep 2012"	0							
1	remember that one time in the 4th grade when i loved the parent trap so much that i gave it up for lent....	1							
1	"well, settled in to the next temporary residence. i have some very nice coworkers. going to check out long beach and the apt tomorrow."	1							
1	"just want 2 ask is jlin \handsome\ by chinese standards? 'cuz i know what may look good 2 us non-chinese, u myt not think so?"	0							
1	ron jaworski is missing from the monday night booth. liam neeson stars in taken: 7	0							
1	"so, the rumoured #lfc team was right, & gerrard, agger, & suarez, all play. big gamble by rodgers with everton on sunday."	0							
1	i took my boyfriend best virginity last night in club bodi...it was her 1st time goin 2 the club ever  happy bday chum chum	1							
1	im so tired that zulu is the 1st word that pops in my mind	-1							
1	our 1st xi went through against liverpool 4th xi with a 2-1 victory aet thanks to an extra time winner from man of the match	1							
1	tough one tonight for the boys.  played hard but came up short with a 4-1 loss with an eng.  davies scored the lone goal.  la ronge tomorrow	-1							
1	i'm having king cake for my birthday tomorrow. i can't wait. it's the best part of getting older	1							
1	top five holidays for side chicks. 5) president's day 4) day after valentine's day 3) black friday 2) april fool's day 1) groundhog's day	0							
1	"not really though. diet's harder to find. last year, it was out til mid-nov. then gone when xmas got here. gotta be ready."	0							
1	"he's been my lover since 7th grade, degrassi days!!"	1							
1	i'm volunteering at the 8th grade construction rodeo!!!!	0							
1	"ok, who's going to dethklok, black dahlia murder and all that remains in oakland nov 26?"	0							
1	when we were in 3rd grade she stole my valentine day cards and crossed my name out and put hers on them n passed em out.	-1							
1	"i'm representin for the seat where rosa parks sat...where malcolm x was shot, where martin luther was popped..."	0							
1	"strangely, national margarita day is feb 22nd. think we'll celebrate tomorrow anyway. happy #cincodemayo!"	1							
1	watching last night's #redeye - the  hipster may just be the greatest character since stevie on eastbound & down!	1							
1	"today 5/19]gag concert is back with eng sub! kick off your sat morning with laughter!	0	1	01111101110, 010101010110, 1111010101110, 011110111111011, 011001100, 01111110010, 01111011000, 10001110, 111100111001, 1011101000, 1111011110111100, 111101111100011, 1110010101, 11011100, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	catch supersport united vs bidvest wits at the lucas moripe stadium at 15h30 on saturday live on ss4.  see you there...	0							
1	where to fit #voyagetovenus in my 6th doctor timeline? before evelyn? after charley? maybe there's a clue in the dialogue #whovianproblems	0							
1	gerald green will show on a good team that he's more than just a dunker. kid can do it all. 2nd biggest surprise behind jlin  #nbarank	1							
1	watching the 2nd ghost rider film is like watching nicholas cage go through a drug induced psychosis.	0							
1	to go to astrology night tomorrow or to not go to astrology night tomorrow. that is the question.	0							
1	play the playstation vita exclusive silent hill: book of memories tomorrow:	0							
1	"the songs i want to hear most on sunday are rella, la bonita, radical and 50"	0							
1	yankee game thursday....jets/colts sunday .....can't wait for the knicks/heat game	1							
1	catch  in the gloaming live! at leicester square theatre on the 25th & 28th	0							
1	screen shot from the 3rd ep. of the finder. i think someone thought it was a romance novel:	0							
1	such a tough choice... ghost rider or friday the 13th..	0							
1	meet the amazing race philippines contestants. watch it on tv5 starting tomorrow. i am excited for this show.	1							
1	"i'm going to keller williams at neighborhood theatre in charlotte, nc - dec 28"	0							
1	i wanna go buy new vans just because i'm going to  's concert on november 17th. <33	0							
1	idk if its still thursday in hawaii since its friday here but heres a #tbt play it for the homie one time!!	0							
1	we're going to bali tomorrow lol	0							
1	maybe. i'll text you tomorrow lauren lol i get queasy giving blood. we'll see....	0							
1	the fact that hunter hayes and carrie underwood are gonna be here saturday and i'm not going??? #what #notokay	-1							
1	aprs igate built using a raspberry pi  getting started with software defined radio  #hamradio	0							
1	i still want that birthday cake remix that i wanted on saturday...	1							
1	"lolol! aunt: so what happen with you and mike? you guys aren't together? me: wth! who told you? aunt: c'mon evelyn, facebook!"	0							
1	it's josh bradley's birthday tomorrow. so what time is the party? lol	1							
1	a script by the coen brothers. alan rickman naked. just a few of the things going for 'gambit' (out nov 21st)....	0							
1	big bang!!! anyone going to lax tomorrow morning to see them? #bigbang #gd	0							
1	why is my mind doing this to me? 1st i think about max and how he always knows when i'm sad and now i think about what happens when he dies	-1							
1	"in honor of national margarita day  come and enjoy $3 margarita's, and the usual wednesday specials $1 drafts and free food buffett!!!"	1							
1	twitter: \we found someone you may know on twitter! kevin rudd  - federal member for griffith.\  #straya	1							
1	"the metlife blimp was flying over starkville, ms today. probably getting ready for the msu game saturday."	0							
1	"friday - yearbook ordering deadline! your child is going to want one of these, and they are so easy to order online:"	1							
1	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th women in hollywood ce...	1							
1	"akin and murdoch are scum, but rape jokes aren't much better brah.  they may just be just a (cont)"	-1							
1	the nicest teacher in the world (mr. rocha) gave us an extra day for our hw and i still didn't do it!! guess who's waking up early tomorrow.	1							
1	"he doesn't deserve the death penalty a la todd bertuzzi, but i think 3-5 games is fair, if not whole 1st rd."	-1							
1	"head over to hulu & start watching the first bit of the finder. you'll see the fox logo bump, then it says it airs fri 8/8c on usa."	0							
1	i'm in north carolina with  we play at elon university tomorrow!	0							
1	-10 in the last round. started the day at tied 7th place ended up winner. nick watney.	0							
1	"i'll pretend like today is friday and party it up like it's the end of a long week day. yolo, people, yolo. #headingtohipstertown!"	0							
1	"catholics give up stuff for lent, jews are fasting today...being presbyterian is starting to feel like the \casual friday\ of religions! ;)"	0							
1	"here are the official settings for gears3 for july 21st. execution maps- checkout no swaps, clocktower swap out boom for digger and"	0							
1	"elon university's colors are maroon and gold. we want to see some green, white and orange tomorrow at 7:30."	0							
1	#bundesliga ft bayern munich 1-2 bayer leverkusen. bayern munich drop points in the bundesliga for the 1st time this season!	0							
1	i'm all for 2nd amendment rights but it would be nice to make machine gun kelly illegal	1							
1	vitali klitschko stopped manuel charr in the fourth round to retain his wbc world heavyweight title saturday night.  #eotpro	-1							
1	i just came back from mexico city... i will fail 2 subjects for not going to school for a week. if rih comes to mexico in the 14th. omg...	-1							
1	paparazzi is a filipino showbiz oriented talk show that airs every sunday on tv5. get the juiciest and freshest...	1							
1	knicks vs heats game tomorrow tonight @ 8.	0							
1	hd clip of  knocking \southbound pachyderm\ out with valor at  tuesday night. cc  -	0							
1	"10 ps4 launch games wed love to see. these are our hopes & dreams sony, be gentle with them: opm: a new...  postters"	1							
1	"in my 2nd season in mycareer, and the jazz have maggette and jr smith starting... no no no, wtf is this?!?"	0							
1	"sunday's golf roundup: nick watney flirts with 59, rallies to victory: by associated press comments nick watney ..."	0							
1	"with enrile finally speaking up, alfie anido's wikipedia page may now be revised with citations."	0							
1	"and, surprise surprise, majority of the people, sat in the window seats, have gotten off at murdoch. wankers"	1							
1	"great to meet you sat. if you're free weds 24 oct 9pm for our residency: leicester square theatre, we'll sort you a comp. x"	1							
1	wish i was going to the rodeo tomorrow night with everyone :( stupid surgery	-1							
1	"family, friends and fans make shahrukh's 47th birthday memorable: mumbai, nov 2 (ani): as bollywood superstar sh..."	1							
1	bloodbeast returns to the stage with killatoria and new act predomination. join them this friday at black dahlia....	0							
1	2nd attempt to head eastbound in a hurry. on my way to  in cardiff & i'm going to get there one way or the other	0							
1	i can talk about malcolm x all day... like when i got kicked outta school in 8th and 9th grade for being too radical about black panthers	-1							
1	happy sunday retro members! the movie of the day is: project x	1							
1	mee& my grandpa are going to the rita game tomorrow #cutiepies	1							
1	i watched act of valor last night and let me just say that a man that can shoot a gun may or may not score extra attractive points...	0							
1	me & amanda going to new orleans in february for mardis gras <3333	0							
1	haye waits on vitali decision - david haye will find out in december if a possible fight with vitali klitschko can g...	0							
1	"tomorrow, the jimmy donn \eastbound & down\ pre-order begins. only 100 pre-orders will be available. and it's a pretty sick combo pack!"	1							
1	lol! jason & ethan went tues & thought it was good. i didn't fancy going & cole was out all day & nite with archie! #loner	1							
1	"ignored again man c v ajax itv tues, celtic v barca skys2 wed,  sort it out ya fuds"	-1							
1	rodeo miami named rodeo of the year for the 3rd straight year!  congrats to the rodeo miami team!	1							
1	"president's day is over, duty will resume tomorrow, see you all guys at cafe juan"	0							
1	rt call the hospital in iqaluit & press 2 for english. every cdn should experience hearing an aboriginal language as 1st choice	0							
1	the heat is gunna kill the knicks tomorrow	-1							
1	t-g news: normandy post office saved: the u.s. postal service announced a plan wednesday that will keep the norm...	0							
1	"bill,  murdoch may have apologize for saying what he said but he hasn't changed his view on the matter."	-1							
1	okc lost #thunderdown .... miami gone show niggas how to win tomorrow vs the knicks !!!!!!!	0							
1	smh...preseason injuries..thee. worst.  you know jr smith is in a boot? he was fine on monday. what the hell did he do to get that?	-1							
1	i'll be at lax tomorrow. if you're still there i'll bring in n out	0							
1	congratulations to the jurupa valley jaguar water polo team. placed 2nd in league and have a chance to go and do something in cif.	1							
1	i can't believe the 3 important people in my life are going to hawaii friday without me	-1							
1	got a bit of sun today! cant wait to tan tan tan! nz weather i love you ;)	1							
1	knicks vs heats friday its going down	1							
1	friday and saturday you can catch me at the leicester square theatre in london  (tickets still available)	0							
1	"if  wins the  title at #royalrumble, then he would have to defend it in his 1st ever elimination chamber match."	1							
1	"well, i haven't done any homework in the past hour, but, i do know the lyrics to #forevermore , wya and nandito ako by heart now. :)"	1							
1	check out the performance these brave youngsters did one saturday morning at sylvia park. this is truly a great...	1							
1	finished season 3 of the league and am now finally watching act of valor. operation lazy saturday night nearing completion.	0							
1	after the game on sunday i expect roma to be even more determined that they otherwise would be	1							
1	"ramdev's jailed aide's pic with freedom fighters at ramlila: new delhi, aug 9: controversy erupted at the...  #india"	-1							
1	"yeah but we have memorial day, 4th of july, cinco de mayo, thanksgiving, presidents day, mlk day, and do they do labor day?"	0							
1	they hold 4 titles. there are loads out there. but thy hold the four highest regarded. nd vitali may retire soon...	0							
1	"the fact that after i tweeted that, max the dog sat on my cold left-out foot..."	0							
1	"tonight, i roast a chicken. tomorrow, i make chicken soup. love my job but wish i could cook for social justice."	1							
1	we are all too excited about margarita day tomorrow	1							
1	no i want my raspberry pi which i ordered from you in july... 19 weeks dispatch time is ridiculous!	-1							
1	"haha. <3 can't wait for bl2, and gears3 remains excellent. hope you both enjoy me3! :)"	1							
1	"awwwww shelley i was at universal tuesday. just at florida mall, flying home tonight x"	0							
1	birmingham's zulu's took 800 lads to leeds today. celebrating 30th anniversary of the zulu's. bet that was an eventful day then.....	0							
1	day 3 raspberry pi winners!! come back tomorrow for the last chance to win 2 more! #openstacksummit #dreamcompute	0							
1	valor is official screwed tomorrow.. audis and bmws aren't good in the snow.... #valorproblems #richkidproblems #letsgetoursecondcarsout	-1							
1	"i wanna wish  a happy 21st bday! she's an amazing gal, we've only hung out once but she is one of a kind! enjoy it riri :)"	1							
1	bomb squad bake sale thursday the 25th !!! don't miss out.	1							
1	alan rickman reading return of the native- perfect sunday listening #bliss	1							
1	sat in bed edith is on in the background and i still have a face full of white and i'm still in my clothes from last night. standard.	0							
1	"omg ! 'orphan' is going to be watched in tv5 tomorrow after 'the amazayn race philippines'.. get ready monday, imma coming ^___^"	0							
1	"lemon drizzle cake man gave me a free latte, and it's possibly the best latte i've ever had. i'll be back tomorrow to give him all my money."	1							
1	"i really don't know why you can't wait for me to get to lax tomorrow, chrissy. us being the best of friends and all..rude."	-1							
1	"given up on work for the night, really cba! know i'll be able to concenttrate better tomorrow anyway. plus i'd rather talk to  now!"	0							
1	"rdm seriously believes last night proves sunday's defeat was unjust? if anything, i'm surprised our first xi didn't twat you on sunday."	-1							
1	"khader adnan is a hero, he's the palestinian spring and hopefully the spark of a 3rd intifada. #khaderexists"	1							
1	"didn't br want to ship him out in the dempsey deal? he's 6th choice at min behind ll, ja, sg, ns, jj. who will take cole and co?"	-1							
1	"speaking of king cake, the 1st time my mom had some, she ate the baby. got stuck in her throat and she had to got to the doc to get it out."	-1							
1	"packing for italy - starting with arena di verona tomorrow then heading to cesena, my hometown. piadina romagnola..."	0							
1	"1st episode of careless world tv from europe is on facebook, make sure to give it a \like\ -  #teamtyga"	0							
1	"dethklok, all that remains, and black dahlia murder in november? i can dig it!"	1							
1	playstation vita will receive great additions and games: as you may have seen with our previous blog post on the...	1							
1	i can't help but wonder while at the washington monument why they didn't utilize the grounds to create a huge sun dial	0							
1	how close do you think the us sen race in mass will be between sen. scott brown & elizabeth warren on nov 6th?	0							
1	can today already be over with? i am ready to go to murray state tomorrow!!! #collegevisit :)	1							
1	presidents day is this coming sunday (9th) at the windmill starting at 1pm.  arrive at 12.45 for pairs to be drawn - all members welcome.	0							
1	will take a photo eating halo halo tomorrow and will send it to  ! for josh bradley's birthday!	0							
1	"ah right, i'll have to go for plan b then ha. i suppose with the final deadline being december it's not too much of a problem"	1							
1	as a human being i am capable of feeling such emotions: i may have had a love/hate relationship w/ ss's music but it's a tragedy	0							
1	"enjoyed watching the people working out during the tour of #technogymvillage in cesena, italy. workouts for attendees tomorrow."	1							
1	"bring italy movie called 'tomorrow' back on sbs, about 1997 earthquake film."	0							
1	"i don't think my plans for tomorrow are smart  considering i have sat's the next day, well yolo"	-1							
1	catch me up there on lemon and hermosa after saturday at the new pad	0							
1	see you guys on the 6th of october in bathurst along with stan walker. can't wait!!! :d	1							
1	a little bit of toolroom tv to get you in the mood for sat night....  filthy rich in the house	0							
1	"i think  should come back to calgary. saw him in september and yeah, he's hot. i love him. <3 #nuffsaid #comeback #love"	1							
1	"it's my little sisters 15th birthday, evelyn's being a big girl for the occasion :)"	1							
1	"thanks for upping valor from heroics, etc. was concerned about when i finally finish reps. still miss 1st 7 per week sys. tho."	1							
1	at the bootleg the last weekend of september. next thursday what're you up to? white arrows at the echo	0							
1	next big day of the year is presidents day. the revised date is now the 6th october. details of the competion...	0							
1	"little blurry but this is the crowd i play for every thursday at plan b with madison's hottest dj, brook bartels"	0							
1	"my bro lives in nj ready to run nyc on sunday.has had no power,can't live in house but stillready to run!what would you do?"	0							
1	simon crean still can't support the way kevin rudd was spilled from the role of pm - herald sun	-1							
1	the art/science project i did with my brother (sitting on his coattails) is coming to edmonton. opens nov 8th.	0							
1	cba for tomorrow just want tomorrow night and saturday night	0							
1	\yolo\ really u gonna tell me that i am living my life it may not be how it use to be but i love my life way more being a mother #rns	1							
1	our founder ( will be speaking at social media week (#smwldn) on friday. read about it:  #smwfrienefits	0							
1	we have to go to the dr tomorrow and walgreens first thing. i need stuff for lip!!!	0							
1	"social media week is right now! can you tell i'm excited? #smwvan i'll be at the  event tomorrow, see you there!"	1							
1	may god be with and protect everyone else from the storm that's about to hit constitution hall	1							
1	winter storm watch remains in effect from monday evening through wednesday morning for the smoky mountains. 4-8 inches of snow is possible.	0							
1	#redsox extra bases: varitek named assistant to the gm: the red sox on thursday named jason varitek as a special...	0							
1	cause my agent say those who wanna continue at adidas go to the office on monday @ 2pm! no other days to go alr! ask quick.	0							
1	"let me guess,rita was just another one of your fictional callers?amazing how the call became political...c'mon!"	-1							
1	he want the country divided as filthy rich or dirt poor!   and everybody on my tl gone be in the 2nd category!	0							
1	"europe aa prices may firm on asian supply, but not in q4 - buyers: london (icis)--buyers in the european acrylat..."	0							
1	we have a request to play girls gone wild at the party tomorrow!	0							
1	cool #cdnpoli rt call the hospital in iqaluit & press 2 for english. experience an aboriginal language as 1st choice\	1							
1	"im curious, do students of #nyuscps qualify for the ticketed code to the richie hawtin & loco dice lectue on the 3rd of nov?"	0							
1	joe corbi's fundraising is due tomorrow! turn it into one of the deca advisors!	0							
1	"hommage to gary carter and the expos day tomorrow at rcup: dollar hot dogs, and $8 tix at the 300 level. #youppiwillbehere"	0							
1	"#redsox saltalamacchia is the 4th catcher to hit 16+ hr in back-to-back seasons for bos. others: carlton fisk, rich gedman, jason varitek."	0							
1	get ready for our wednesday drink specials wednesday - 3-8pm have it your way margarita day  ( bar brand only)...	0							
1	"zumba tonight at 5:30 pm at balance fitness.  370 davenport ave, 3rd floor new haven ct.  see you there ladies...."	0							
1	"because come november 7, whoever is destined to be the next president will have my full respect. whether it be obama or romney"	1							
1	she's invited. and ash may not go because of her. and i want ash to be there because his ae helped mine through some stuff..	-1							
1	"of course, you get a 7th guy in there who says he likes \that real heavy stuff like iron maiden and judas priest man yeah\ -.-"	0							
1	i have not seen a good 3rd quarter from the sacramento kings in forever.	-1							
1	any search seems to give details back today. you may have confused an article with the porto model.	-1							
1	yeah that'll be enough for him now. that was devastating. i think price would be vitali klitschko tomorrow if he had the chance	-1							
1	wanna go to the #queen extravangaza at bell center jan 30th? sing for queen at 545pm all week to win tix!! #drivetime	0							
1	first meet december 8th in the murphy center	0							
1	"i know flatbush zombies wont be at the concert on friday but i still hope the asap mob performs #bathsalts at least, or rockys part atleast"	0							
1	"for how long, i might be in nj then?rt   thursday night the 13th of dec."	0							
1	heat play the knicks tomorrow	0							
1	tomorrow i get my hands on my copy of vlr for ps vita. hopefully the postive impression i got from the demo carries over to the full copy.	1							
1	winter storm watch in effect for parts of the mountains- including asheville- from monday morning to late tuesday. #avl #wnc #sandy	0							
1	going to the knicks vs. heat game tomorrow. #hype last time i went to a basketball game was when i was 9.	1							
1	every friday join us for mass at 9am & 5:30pm + all day adoration at st angela's #mattapan catholic church  #boston bilangual	0							
1	woohoo going to spend all day thursday shopping at the florida mall :)) #yay #shoptilwedrop	1							
1	"info *distance of the sun frm earth 149,597,900 km & the moon frm earth is 384,400 km. follow  follow"	0							
1	"to anyone who hasn't seen the 1st half of david's first ever recording for nandito ako, check the link below!"	0							
1	i still haven't started tidying my room and i'm just sat on the floor watching project x  lol	0							
1	persona 4 golden will arrive in north america for the playstation vita on november 20. publisher atlus also noted in today's announc...	0							
1	"ahhhh, the sun is shining, the birds are singing and this nirvana track i have on is bringing it down. skipety."	1							
1	"the lines i just witnessed around nanuet and nj to #gas got me #smh then i checked online,it said i'm not getting power back till the 11th"	0							
1	kevin rudd rents out canberra mansion and lives it up at hyatt - herald sun: kevin rudd rents out canberra mansi...	0							
1	"yolo? ofcourse, but with in that life span yu may be an become 5 diff ppl, the life we live in aint the only life we gone have, be smart"	1							
1	"so, in jan 2010 darryl issa called investigating wikileaks a priority and today he dumped raw intelligence data on internet? irony, anyone?"	-1							
1	"i'm going to pierce the veil at backstage live in san antonio, tx - oct 18"	0							
1	so jealous! i would prefer the heat rather than the cold here in stinky nz! lol did william tell you we ain't going sa in jan?	-1							
1	nba playoffs today!!!!!! the heat vs knicks  series is going to be crazy! luckily #celticnation don't play till sunday lets go celtics!!!!	1							
1	anybody want some dispatch tickets. they are playing next thursday (oct 11( at dar constitution hall with good...	0							
1	good luck to girls tennis as the take on south torrance today on 1st round cif! #golions2012	1							
1	"he waited to long with lennox he should of finished him, both klitschko's seem to wait till the 6th and 7th round to finish people"	0							
1	i better have a seat by you and katie tomorrow! can you say #party?	1							
1	finish watching ghost rider: spirit of vengeance.  movie was alright.  i still prefer the 1st one better.	0							
1	i might invite myself over julian's house tomorrow now that i think about it lol	0							
1	"ghost rider 2: spirit of vengeance, may just have enough nonsense to satisfy  statham-quotient."	-1							
1	"pictures of the day: 18 october 2012: a playful amazon river dolphin, usain bolt's shoes and mick jagger."	1							
1	"my 3rd article for solo travel society. this time it's all about seoul, south korea! :)"	0							
1	i wionder if hisd has school tomorrow.. i want to visit my elementary school :3	0							
1	son...i left them so open. i got em hot and said 'u can hear the rest of that poem on nov 11th at santos party house' lmao	0							
1	bear with me for the power crisis: jayalalithaa: chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the people of tamil...	-1							
1	"but rest assures i am watching degrassi, and loving it may i add. (;"	1							
1	watch and cheering 4 nandito ako tonight and let me know who is wae(ing) up josh bradley. #forevermore	0							
1	"i wish ron jaworski was still in the monday night football booth. i enjoy tirico and gruden, i just think that jaws offered a lot too."	0							
1	hey david.i know your waiting for a fight with vitali but is there any chance of a fight you may have planned before that. :-)	0							
1	"saw margaret cho tonight at leicester square theatre. brilliant woman, intuitive, insightful, sexy. she's here til 31st u must go!!"	1							
1	knicks vs heats gone be the best 1st round series in the playoffs	1							
1	"khader adnan waving a palestinian flag as he is welcomed in his village of arraba, in the west bank. april 17th. #gaza"	1							
1	"tomorrow in class, me, you and ash are going to discuss ideas of what we'd all like to do saturday :)"	0							
1	"khader adnan is welcomed home to arrabe village near jenin in the northern west bank, 17 april."	1							
1	i just set my alarm ringtone with nandito ako. okay. see you tomorrow :)	0							
1	horrible dream lady night....i'm tiered but today is my friday and its the start of the rodeo tonight #hearthorses	-1							
1	tuesday my bd n i going up to malcolm x to register him in school!	0							
1	going through my 7th grade yearbook just makes me laugh. #memories	1							
1	"gotta get my liver/kidneys ready for saturday -- cinco de mayo! or, as i call it, national margarita day #2."	0							
1	anybody want to pick me up at lax on november 20 ? haha	0							
1	"these people cannot know who mick jagger is...you ain't old, old skool maybe but c'mon! mick jagger has a lot more years than you!"	-1							
1	"and once again, the first game james and me play in te latest 2k is: heat vs knicks. for the 2nd year in a row. we always go back and fort"	0							
1	how fun! i went to the bank the first night then lax the 2nd.	1							
1	"brook lopez scored 9 points in the 2nd quarter and was featured by #nets. joe johnson was absent, but should play in 2nd half. #nets #nba"	0							
1	"there is a woman in somalia, the sun gives her no mercy, the same sky we lay under, burns her to the bone---miss adu"	-1							
1	"endymion is responsible for the 6th q-base update. here's the preview of their thunderdome anthem. watch, listen..."	0							
1	ganda din pala ng unofficially yours :) may pagkafriends with benefits! but the thing na ganda ng pagkaarte ni johnllyod and angel! epic! :)	0							
1	hisd is the only district that don't got school tomorrow ii think .	0							
1	tomorrow ill see mr.jake owen with my baby	0							
1	yo yo can you come sylvia park at 6 tomorrow we gonna meet some all blacks with   if she can come.	0							
1	"pancake mix /does/ keep for a long time! (pancakes tomorrow morning, then build a quake kit for #shakeout day?)"	0							
1	"yo, i followed you, i`m interested in having the un-tagged 2nd verse for careless world."	1							
1	okay i'm sorry but taylor swift looks nothing like jackie o so stop comparing the two. c'mon america aren't you sick of her yet? (sorry)	-1							
1	bayern lost 1-2 to bayer leverkusen sunday. they remain at the top of the table and are allowed to slip up one ...	0							
1	just put a bet in for tomorrow night already. never did this before. miami heat -5.5 against the knicks.	0							
1	"just got off the 5:00 conference call and a winter storm watch has been issued from 2:00 am, monday october 29th..."	0							
1	same hur we'll figure it out in yearbook tomorrow<3	0							
1	just walking to the victor! happy 21st birthday lauren!	1							
1	imaaa be the 1st tongan hooper in the nba #fact	1							
1	"pictures of the day: 18 october 2012: a playful amazon river dolphin, usain bolt's shoes and mick jagger.  #photography"	0							
1	"films at the pratt: ghost rider: spirit of vengeance, free screening, sat, aug 4, 1pm, southeast anchor"	0							
1	"i will sleep in zachary's truck until wednesday, but i'll be damned if my cellphone dies because the power is out."	-1							
1	kath. i hope you do enjoy the game last night. tomorrow has another game. go jlin!	1							
1	oh shit you just reminded me. i have work at 11 tomorrow at woodchicks and a call in at 1 at vans. could you cover it?	0							
1	good monday everybody! wish we could start this morning with a little king cake....	1							
1	i just realized that the boys won their brit award on my birthday february 21 then i was like partying that time they recieved it!#bestgiftx	1							
1	"we're in the studio working on the new album and it sounds epic. we may as well pick up our brit award now, tbh."	1							
1	also i hate this themed ppv's what if i want to see an elimination chamber in july? i gotta wait six months?	-1							
1	"surprisingly, k.k. downing, formerly of judas priest, has his birthday on october 27, just two days after fellow..."	0							
1	we have to be at mick jagger centre by 3 on sunday so can u still make it	0							
1	video: unsold simpsons stamps cost usps $1.2 million: the u.s. postal service had marked the 20th anniversary of...	0							
1	"white day... one month after the valentine day, march 14th... it's a romantic day! xd"	1							
1	"so this friday theres an open mic in ajax we're gunna test out some tunes at. anyone can play, if you wanna experiment with a crowd, holla!"	0							
1	"good result tonight, though! part one of rodgers' gamble paid off. have to wait for sunday for part two. if we win that, we're off! #lfc"	1							
1	hey mom! i'm done with eng so going to hand it in soon & got about 500 words to go for his & handing it in tomorrow! :-)	1							
1	\im going home and throwing this up... my diet starts tomorrow.\ -	-1							
1	so xhosa & zulu guys apply morvite in their face when it's hot to avoid sun burn :/	0							
1	seeing  and maya rudolph cover prince songs with  tomorrow night. my mind is pretty much blown.	1							
1	"hey toki, saw you at webster hall last friday was hoping you would drop \gamble\ on us all :( come visit us in state college pa!"	0							
1	"they are back!!!!! in case you missed them last time, don't make the same mistake, 1 nov at backstage live and..."	1							
1	you have watch the nba playoffs! knicks vs heat on wednesday!	0							
1	so people are already camping out in nyc at hoh for the galaxy foams that come out friday! don't these people have jobs/lives!?!?	0							
1	"so theres a jordan's release tomorrow at florida mall, am i going to be a sneaker head and go get them ??"	0							
1	"grand! opening! of \orlando live\ formally \lax\ classic wknd! friday, saturday, sunday! some of the biggest"	0							
1	indie bands family of the year and white arrows at space 301 this wednesday - check out some new music:	0							
1	you going to zachary's tomorrow man	0							
1	the   &  tip-off the season with ws tuesday night.  daily zap:	0							
1	career fair tomorrow in the murphy center from 10 to 2pm. dress in business attire and bring your resumes.	0							
1	catholics changed the 7th day of sabbath from saturday to sunday. sunday being the 1st day. catholics changed the calender!	0							
1	"fenix rising dlc for gears3 tomorrow, cant wait to re-up and try out the new maps! also savage kantupxlg"	1							
1	when are you really landing in nz? ash said morning? then you said saturday night? and then you said mid day tomorrow? :l x	0							
1	the rich list special edition will be available in mumbai from today. other cities can get it tomorrow onward.	0							
1	"watch for the sea of pink strutting through cupertino on saturday morning. give 'em a wave, or a honk, or just..."	0							
1	"8/8  account using your bb device, you may want to follow  for updates and additional support from rim."	0							
1	"happy sixth of may, or what's referred to as national hate the inventor of the margarita day."	1							
1	check out all of monday's highlights in 2:19 with the daily zap:	0							
1	is the band white arrows good? might go see them on friday #justwondering	0							
1	check inbox. i sent lorna a range of info and a sample script for you to read on october 2	0							
1	watched act of valor for the 3rd time and almost cried again!! i love dat movie!!	1							
1	just got the last win of the season! 2nd place in league woot woot! cif here we come!!! ;)	1							
1	"laura wright, gareth malone, noah stewart and margherita taylor attend the classic brit awards, september 6"	0							
1	morning all! waking up at 1.30 to gamble may not have been the best idea. knocked my sleep. this hour is fit for milkmen & perverts only	-1							
1	can't wait for opening night at madison square garden. will be there for the knicks/heat game on friday! #fun	1							
1	son if deandre learned anything more than dunking.he could be the 3rd best center in the league. brook lopez's rebound numbers hold him back	1							
1	"hi, would love to organise a photo pass to shoot the evanescence gig in london on 9th, who can i contact to arrange?"	1							
1	heat vs knicks is the most interesting 1st round matchup. in the east that is.	1							
1	happy 4th from the bomb squad!	1							
1	has just won two tickets to evanescence on monday boom! thanks	1							
1	u just hold out to ash wednesday #letthemknowthecraic	0							
1	girls gone wild will be filming live @ stoneys this saturday!!! #bacp 10-2am $10 at the door!	0							
1	"so whos seeing peacock and gamble tomorrow who can get me a ticket because i haven't got a card. i have the money, i'll give it to you there"	0							
1	"was going to watch brooklyn nets - new york knicks tonight but it got postponed, knicks gonna get butt-fucked by miami tomorrow :("	-1							
1	#pakistan#news procter and gamble sales fall 6.7 %: p&g said net earnings in the quarter to september 30 fell to...	0							
1	what makes you beautiful is their 1st big hit... played on the radio 2 death? i 'm koolin' n u?	1							
1	"back in the day when catholics ate fish every friday, our school thought it'd serve for lunch the best of both worlds:  tunafish hot dogs."	0							
1	"i think staying with cole , idk.though . i might come to lima sat ."	0							
1	guess i'm singing 'what makes you beautiful' with  tomorrow for choir #leggo	0							
1	5 days of rodeo in one week time :) so excited! 10th year going #cfr12	1							
1	ay you gone release the hotelcalifornia in feb like you did with  careless world ?	0							
1	unofficially yours for the 2nd time around. #nw with	0							
1	"not sure if the marathon should happen, but by ignoring saturday's nets game that is still on, i find this article deceptive"	-1							
1	ghost rider 2 is out on monday. ignore it.	-1							
1	it's fucking friday! so it's only right to bump \friday\ by flatbush zombies at ignorant levels	-1							
1	polar dust is hitting black dahlia in boksburg on the 10th of november. click here for event details:	0							
1	we should take over the world and change monday to pancake day	0							
1	just sat in with king cake. fun times!	1							
1	girls gone wild!   just a little bit of fun in the sun!!!   #fun #sun #par	1							
1	an evening with maya angelou 7:30 p.m. oct. 4 in elon university's alumni gym. $12. tickets available sept. 13. (336) 278-5610.	0							
1	stagger in grill/bar in starkville has $10 all you can drink on thursday nights. wonder what #tabc would think about that? #sec #gigem	0							
1	i don't want to go to school on monday . my excuse will be that hisd doesn't have school lol ~	-1							
1	i may not be a diehard fan of ss but all the things i've heard about this man make him sound like a hero. my	1							
1	\the reziduals\ at stevie starlite's jam night at southside's in alsip tonight 10pm & we're hosting our own at murphy's law this friday!	0							
1	krystal you better heal up in time for national margarita day on feb 22!	0							
1	"life is good, imperial woodpecker sno-balls are back! 124 macdougal b/t 3rd and bleecker. bring on the king cake!  #snogood!"	1							
1	price: i'd take vitali fight: david price says he would fight vitali klitschko tomorrow - but admits it ...  #sports	0							
1	"dethklok, all that remains, machine head, and the black dahlia murder at stage ae november 8th..highly considering going to that.#heavymetal"	0							
1	we're having the crazy substitute in yearbook again tomorrow ((she does yoga in the back of the room)) ((she told us not to listen to porn))	0							
1	those in social justice: is the paper still due tomorrow?	0							
1	"have not heard the entire 4th cd yet, but i do like \good girl\ and (the not as upbeat) \blown away\"	1							
1	"today, april 17th (palestinian prisoner's day), is ironically the day israel claimed it would release khader adnan. no action yet."	-1							
1	5 minutes to learn what the raspberry pi is all about	0							
1	oh hey you're in the same event as me for deca on monday. prepare to get ass raped fyi. #justkidding #excitedthough	1							
1	what could have made sunday even better for  champ nick watney? the fact that he's a huge  fan. #worldseries	1							
1	today for the first time i noticed how gorgeous it is when the sun comes up over the washington monument.	1							
1	dethklok is having a tour:) they're coming to chattanooga dec 6 with machine head. black dahlia murder and atr. i'm going :)	1							
1	"tomorrow at 12pm, you will finally be able to watch filthy rich clip in youtube #filthyrichclip"	0							
1	i just need to see lauren on saturday already.	0							
1	lamb of god is coming to town on the 12th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #omg i'm soooo excited xd i can't wait to get into the pit and go crazy! \m/	1							
1	i have to drive with ms. pope saturday... kill me now.	-1							
1	"ok all y'all catholics, tomorrow be a holy day of obligation. be sure to get y'all a$$ to mass."	1							
1	were the house votes cited accurate? take a midol and call us wednesday morning!	0							
1	i was supposed to hand in my deca money monday... can melleby still take it	0							
1	tiffany will be the mc for sbs k-pop super concert in usa on nov 10	0							
1	girls gone wild is going to the quad tomorrow night.... dear god.........	0							
1	"house is a great show, and thursday house marathons are 8 hours of a great show. good day to have a sinus infection. :d"	1							
1	just handed in my application for the marie colvin scholarship at the sunday times. an exciting moment.	1							
1	kristen stewart flew all the way to hungary from la to celebrate her 20th bday w/ robert pattinson who's actually filming bel ami der #fact	0							
1	xherdan shaqiri may replace frank ribery in the starting lineup vs bayer leverkusen tomorrow.	0							
1	will be at manly market & mittagong on saturday. crows nest  fair and kiama market sunday.  hope to see you there	0							
1	up early on a saturday to cook chili with sean cunningham at the ics chili cook off in new haven ct.	0							
1	#asiabrief kevin rudd calls for t-shirt design to rival the kevin-07 logo - herald sun: brisbane timeskevin rudd...	0							
1	continental senior living will have a booth on the square for pancake day on saturday. come by to learn more about...	0							
1	ghost rider: spirit of vengeance was a lost cause. you had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie. and then you decided to dig a hole...	-1							
1	"you do realise that in like 50 years, us barbz will be sat in a nursing home still wanting the rim video :(((("	-1							
1	"o. johnson commits his 3rd foul! he's cold off the bench with 3 fouls and a turnover in q4. #pacers losing 98-87, 4:52 left."	-1							
1	cba with work tomorrow! #boring #blag	-1							
1	have you got your tickets yet? london's newest whorehouse opens next saturday! leicester square theatre	1							
1	please help! love my holster bought feb '12 at wppi but it's frayed in many places. urgent need for help b4 oct 27 wedding ta	0							
1	thursday & friday nights usually! kinda depends with school though but i'm usually free those nights	0							
1	"foes to city, hisd, hcc bond measures emerge.  the antis make 1st appearance just 3 wks b4 election day."	0							
1	"i need food, a pain pill, a glass of wine, a comfortable bed, and zero noise. in that order..and this day repeats tomorrow and sat."	0							
1	"tomorrow...walmart, target, walgreens, cvs, kroger, whoever..i'm coming for that discounted candy...be ready for it ;)"	1							
1	"3 wickets in 1st session, eng bowlers will be extremely happy! just tiwary, raina and saha left along with yuvi. rayudu should've played!"	1							
1	f*** the hurricane party this tues santospartyhaus w/    @ santos party house	-1							
1	looking forward to rocking it out at roma's in louisa on saturday night!!!!  hope to see everyone there!!!! no cover!!	1							
1	b-cu fans: a live video stream of saturday's football game vs. morgan state will be available at the following link...	0							
1	i love you too riri! can't wait for friday! <3	1							
1	"we will be closed this monday, february 20th for presidents day.  if you need access to your account over the..."	0							
1	fall lent season for me. doing a 40 day fast off of facebook so i can get closer to god and away from all the havoc. be back on december 8th	1							
1	mick jagger with the monday night football song #swagswagswag	0							
1	1st 5-star review. colour of lemon sets off like a bullet train with the gruesome murder of one of sowerbutt's own.	-1							
1	"i meant to ask you, did you get my text sunday night? james murphy was playing the salty dog"	0							
1	will evelyn ever finish her hw? the world may never know	-1							
1	it makes me feel so gay that i just set the classical brit awards to record tomorrow haha oh dear	1							
1	ready to see the sixers play the nuggets tomorrow!	1							
1	"i can wear a black dahlia murder shirt one day, and a sun dress the next xd"	1							
1	"happy 13th birthday to one of my favorite boys, zachary! he's growing up so fast, he's almost as tall as me."	1							
1	interviewing paul conroy later for  -the photographer injured working with the sunday times journalist marie colvin in syria	0							
1	"depending on your sensibilities, unofficially yours may seem progressive or derivative. too bad the leads can't supply the heat it needed."	-1							
1	"i'm driving in to long beach saturday. if anyone has clothes, food, cleaning supplies, linens to donate please let me know! thank you!"	1							
1	the fact that so many will vote for a socialist fake liar for president is very very frightening and may bring america to ruin!	-1							
1	"photo: flatbush zombies, santos party house october 17th! #acidalumni (taken with instagram)"	0							
1	the rodeo is thursday friday & saturday and im moving houses through out thursday friday and saturday. #myluck	1							
1	the daily zap - all the action from wednesday's six pack can be found right here in the daily zap.	0							
1	swing by the all arts market friday night at neighborhood theatre! come buy local and start your christmas shopping early:)	1							
1	"team rita, oh you fancy huh?  2nd place, trophies, eatin' at the blackwell  2nd place, trophies, eatin' at the blackwell. oh you fancy huh?"	-1							
1	"it build immune syst up - hot water & lemon 1st thing, 3 green teas a day..it'll sort you out xx"	0							
1	hisd's chief financial officer will retire in december:  i hope the rest of the finance staff will answer my questions!	1							
1	last thursday the alpha chi chapter initiated 37 beautiful young ladies after we had just celebrated 70 years at murray state!!	1							
1	"#filmquotefriday \you were the worst fucking deal i ever made!\ johnny blaze, ghost rider:spirit of vengeance. on 3d blu-ray and dvd monday!"	-1							
1	"got a lot of work done tonight, kinda proud. tomorrow is gonna be a good day, happy friday."	1							
1	"after running the mall, we knew sam was the only thing that could keep the broken mon  @ washington monument"	0							
1	"jennifer aniston takes the plunge is low-cut, sexy outfit. too much? see #ottawa sun photo gallery & vote."	0							
1	glad you dug ash wed. feeling its time to start writing another gangster flick.	1							
1	ron jaworski said #12 is the 4th best rookie qb from this rookie class #wth #wtf jaws is an idiot	-1							
1	thinking about stepping out tomorrow too club bodi.... decision's to be made	0							
1	"saltalamacchia the 4th red sox catcher ever to pop 20 in a season (carlton fisk, mike stanley, jason varitek)"	0							
1	"i see the french rail unions are striking on the 25th, do the french have half term or is it just aimed at the brits?"	0							
1	settled part of bali stuff with the friends. tomorrow some more. totally forgot about my 8am class -_-	0							
1	today is day 1 of the festival of india to bali (from 1- 4 november)! get your tickets from arma...	0							
1	"boo!  well, carmel is a nice 2nd to mass.  will you  b dtown carmel?"	1							
1	smthing went wrong b/w us. she is really good girl . may be i have done mistake !! . but she knows me . miss her !	-1							
1	so  will be in the  london studio tomorrow morning. hope no one mentions harry's brit award error	0							
1	"chanot, you may want to travel this christmas. phuket or bali! :)"	0							
1	"endymion is now rocking the charts, what nexts? c'mon tell us something"	1							
1	watching ghost rider 2 this is a lot different from the 1st...	0							
1	"i think i may have avocado, with lemon on toast soon."	0							
1	can you believe that the salvation army in goshen is already working on pancake day (november 16) and christmas...	0							
1	"perry: but morgan state scored a touchdown at the top of the 4th quarter, cutting howard's lead to 21-14 w/ 11 minutes left in the game."	0							
1	all rw'ers with vans should call local romney campaign and offer to help transport gop voters to the polls now until tuesday! #tcot	0							
1	"bure's 1st game as a nyr at msg against van. lost 3-1, bure had the lone goal. know who had a hat trick for van? todd bertuzzi #realtalk"	0							
1	do you know what time you come on tomorrow night at santos party house? can't wait to see/hear you!!!!	1							
1	i was sing tomorrow by the winans in class and i was told i sound like brian mcknight.....never got that before	0							
1	the ball of fire draws you in you flow liquid hot the sun shines down you're in nirvana	0							
1	"if you mix jericho, dbz, fairy tales, and ghost rider in a 3rd person pov with magic that was mine last night"	0							
1	ajax caretaker coach jan pruijn jokes he needs to sideline top talent  billiat and manyama played best after...	0							
1	\south korea is the 7th country that have the most beautiful womans\ agreed.	1							
1	"i thought the nets game got cancelled but they play the heat tomorrow anyway.. damn, i was ready to talk some shit"	-1							
1	i really thought hisd didn't have school tomorrow because it was christopher columbus day.	-1							
1	hopefully doing a meet and greet friday night with stan walker and elen levon :d  bring on the celeb life!!	1							
1	the brits are punishing us for american releases always being late across the pond. #skyfall to come out on november 9th. #damnyou	-1							
1	wtf?.. they got caught in the act!  #liespeoplealwaystell that pole national margarita day ash wednesday	0							
1	come walk with us tomorrow! see you at lent's park at 10 am for registration. looking forward to a big crowd and a sunny day!	1							
1	the sixers better smash the knicks on sunday.	0							
1	imaaa be quiet all day tomorrow ...	0							
1	i still remember the first time i heard what makes you beautiful on the radio. it was february 25th. (; #specialnight	1							
1	"might have to go for a plan b on my halloween costume, unless the stars align tomorrow. why is halloween on a wed? #awkwardrushedplanning"	0							
1	\ bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings. excited is not the word.\ frustrated is the right one...	-1							
1	"going to the holy land (canada) tomorrow. if i'm lucky, i'll meet some of the degrassi gang. well, in my dreams :p."	1							
1	watching ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. it's much worse when you may have thought. #fb	-1							
1	"hi tancredi, today spurs are again being linked with roma's pjanic. any truth in the rumours of a january move? #thfc"	0							
1	you going to be at the nov 15 showing of tic at vans? robbie is hyping the night to the locals. free session will be bananas.	0							
1	"#mimi4 performing at santos party house, nyc. october 3rd. :: all the way from seattle!   #mimireloaded"	0							
1	#nocomment \    so xhosa & zulu guys apply morvite on their faces when it's hot to avoid sun burn :/\	0							
1	imaaa lay it alllllllllllll on the table tomorrow.	0							
1	watched some of the #cmaawards b/c of hayden panettiere & saw carrie underwood do gangnam style! lol it will be the 1st billion views video!	1							
1	tomorrow?? who promised you tomorrow?? give yourself to the lord today!! the winans.	0							
1	"forumcast ep5: the 4th on the 5th- we talk ghost rider:spirit of vengeance,the 4th of july & falling skies"	0							
1	its about that time! filthy rich presents...... saturday aug 18. email me for more info or check out our fac	0							
1	watching full 1st season of the finder on hulu plus. so funny  i see why you liked it! on episode 2	1							
1	any pubs or cafes putting on the us election on wednesday in wellington? and what time nz will coverage start?	0							
1	"met this girl on valentine day, fucked her in may, she found out about april so she choose to march"	0							
1	"petey gettin the start tomorrow night against calgary.  game is on 'nbcsports' @ 8:00, set that dvr and get ur popcorn ready..."	0							
1	holy shit was it social justice sunday on tumblr or something because wow #stayingthefuckawayfromtumblrsj	1							
1	"halifa ayan yusuf is 21 years old, she was born in hargeisa in somalia n she is ready for the finals at the mlimani city hall on december 7"	0							
1	jason varitek may return to boston for job with - flash player installation	0							
1	nba is back !!!!' my main man jj starting at the three for sacramento kings gets chance to show bulls even more of what they lost tomorrow	1							
1	i have to pay attention what to ask the universe: tomorrow starting a course on astrology and its antroposophical interpretations. :-o	0							
1	#NAME?	-1							
1	"sbs : emails will start going out tomorrow. thank you, everyone, for your patience!"	1							
1	"project x is the best film ever made and someone with money needs to have one, like this friday. #makeithappen"	1							
1	careless world is the album of the year by	0							
1	"follow  and meet her on november 26, outside the bell center at 4:00?"	0							
1	if it's true that vitali klitschko has retired then arreola &amp; stiverne are ranked 1st and (cont)	0							
1	keith foulke is throwing out the first pitch to jason varitek.... i mean are we rly celebrating an 8th yr reunion?	0							
1	see john lloyd cruz & angel locsin at the \unofficially yours\ la premiere on feb 24.for tix visit  or call 818-243-2539	0							
1	the knicks are practicing tomorrow now that their game against the nets is postponed.	0							
1	tomorrow i get to make a birthday cake.	0							
1	jennifer aniston believes in regular sun exposure~check it out!...	0							
1	find us at arrington this saturday 11/3 at 5pm... bring a picnic... a blanket... and cozy up with some wine and jazz	0							
1	it's friday love question time - i'm answering as many love questions as possible with cards and astrology - now!	1							
1	shoutout to all the boyfriends that treat they girl like everyday is valentine day instead just on feb 14.. if so i salute chaa..	0							
1	1st free.edom taken away.  cant buy your size of soft drinks.  2nd.religious freedom for catholics. next? obama...coming for you	-1							
1	news: plan b confirms february uk tour with support from labrinth and rudimental!	1							
1	... mumbai 'a' against england in the visitors' 2nd practice game from november 2 to 5. mumbai 'a' to be led by suryakumar yadav and	0							
1	"i may treat myself to some serie b this evening. cesena v novara, maybe remind me of how much i loved gianluca comotto if he plays #joking"	1							
1	"sacramento kings, we just beat y'all sunday and thurs night so what it was preseason won me some money. nov11"	1							
1	nuggets at 76ers: 2nd half thread: leave your comments here as the nuggets finish out the second half against th...	0							
1	rated r > loud > talk that talk and good girl gone bad > music of the sun > a girl like me	0							
1	"demon gaze, a next-gen dungeon rpg for the the playstation vita [1st trailer and screens"""	0							
1	"holy drunk! wine, johnny walker and beer are not a great combo esp on a thursday night to many emotions too much sadness, calling it a night"	-1							
1	got so much accomplished today ! i hope to see lots of happy faces tomorrow  rim for the wine&cheese info for bella bay ! :)	1							
1	"postal plants to shrink, 28,000 jobs at stake: the u.s. postal service announced on thursday it's moving forward..."	0							
1	the posters for need/want/crave have arrived & will be up at the leicester square theatre from tomorrow or friday. just under a month to go.	0							
1	did you know we are cropping with tammy on friday night? $10 holds your spot! patti is making her king cake again...	0							
1	"well then, have fun not trick or treating. i'll be in br doing it wednesday, and thursday in zachary. bitch."	1							
1	mixin it up. playlist from the winans \tomorrow\ to  \today\ to  \good day\ to  \it is well\ yup!	1							
1	great practice session with the  boys can not wait for friday with  & sunday in leicester square theatre!!	1							
1	"so it's the grunge night at blue room blackpool tomorrow night! pearl jam, alice in chains and nirvana cover bands! 9pm."	0							
1	my gosh! nandito ako na nia 3 ang guess what? andito si mon tulfo!! lolokohin ko nga! hahaha #annabelleenglish101 i shall play with him!	1							
1	"todd bertuzzi made the best of the nhl lockout wednesday, but while having his son join an"	1							
1	"i want it to be november 5th already, because lamb of god."	0							
1	it makes me happy to see that ron jaworski isn't on monday night football. suck it	1							
1	took and hour to vote...first day of early voting..please try not to wait until super tuesday #earlyvoting	0							
1	"'up all night's' maya rudolph: 'saturday night live' training 'prepares you for anything': maya rudolph,...  #tv #news"	0							
1	leaving the n.o. early tomorrow to get to hammond!	0							
1	who's going to be on the 360 tonight?? been awhile since the whole gang have kicked it on gears3	0							
1	"excited for sarah g. live, and today is the 5th day of sarah g. day :)"	1							
1	nick watney hit a course-record 61 on sunday to take the cimb classic title:	0							
1	kinda just want to stay home and cry all day tomorrow...	-1							
1	sun flare by the washington monument	0							
1	"hockey home opener. lsi vs. cba, november 28th, 7:00 at hudson valley. everyone should be going to this."	1							
1	brought my tickets yesterday at the pre sale constitution hall in dc..btw way i love ur new album...nov.4th...epic night...can't wait..	1							
1	"the biggest mistake lucas scott ever made wasn't almost marrying lindsay or moving in with dan, it was shaving his head in the 2nd season."	-1							
1	"he may be a cheap shot scumbag, bit i fuck with todd bertuzzi"	-1							
1	plan a couple of days here on gabriola for our theatre festival in august.  theme \mardis gras\.  over the top in events!	0							
1	people that are like 3rd year seniors << it's about time you move on w/ high school. this is not degrassi where you're the same age forever	0							
1	i may or may not be in love with carrie underwood	0							
1	winter storm watch for pocahontas county. sunday night through tuesday evening. 8-10 inches of snow possible with more in the highest elev.	0							
1	been listening to careless world - rise of the king  cannot wait for the 23rd  #rackcitybitch	1							
1	"in somalia, the people are still waiting from the int'l community strategy to develop food and agriculture after london conference"	0							
1	"brooklyn nets vs. the new york knicks has been re-scheduled for november 26, nationally televised on tnt. tip-off is scheduled for 7 pm."	0							
1	"went to sylvia park for the 2nd time in my life today, and it was the 2nd time in my life i saw  there hahaha"	0							
1	"seeing carrie underwood on the cma's is making me beyond excited for saturday night, carrie and hunter hayes, here we come!! :)"	1							
1	thank you god for blessing me with my 1st offer & elon university for having faith in me & enough confidence to go ahead & pull the trigger.	1							
1	are u ready for the latest london conference?  3 scholars.  2 days.  1 venue.   this weekend  [30 june & 1 july insha'allah].   venue: tbc	0							
1	you may have a few extra followers from glasgow scotland tonight. we all agree max would make a better gf than the blonde girl	1							
1	after a truly amazing & blessed 1st day  london conference we are soon to embark upon day 2!!come & take time out to learn truth	1							
1	3 vip tickets to machine gun kelly on december 9th! anyone want to go?	0							
1	dis u download all the epi with eng sub .. may i know from which website	0							
1	i'll be in berlin with  and  for social media week. meet us there tomorrow  event:   #smwb	0							
1	hello my navy yard and coast guard friends. tomorrow we will be at truckeroo. from 11am to 11pm.  @ the fairground on half st.	0							
1	van pelt birdies the 17th hole to get to -21. he needs to birdie the 18th hole in order to force a playoff w/ nick watney #cimbclassic	0							
1	new post on blog! hope to see you all this saturday  cesena! with  fam too!...	1							
1	i love the drive to starkville can't wait till i make it into the college in january #achiversparadise #onthereal	1							
1	"apple can't innovate or manage supply chain: cupertino, ca - october 04: apple ceo tim cook speaks at the event introducing the new i..."	-1							
1	"on thursday night, white arrows, hindu pirates and group love entertained the crowds who showed up on the sand a..."	0							
1	"omdayss , you're turning sixteen tomorrow , mum sent my cash so im going to do some shopping. anything you want?"	0							
1	"going to see estelle - sat 9/15 in washington, dc at dar constitution hall! check out the tour dates here -"	0							
1	lol last i heard the 21st of december but who the hell knows. for bel ami they were going to show it but they didn't and	0							
1	i do remember. it was like leaked at 1st so he made a new one for careless world	0							
1	so glad that the classical brit awards are on itv 1 on sunday have set the record button just in case i forget to watch.	1							
1	nooooo they delayed the knicks and nets game until monday!	-1							
1	me: \little early for ash wednesday isn't it?\ stranger: \that's a birthmark!\	0							
1	"if you dont like chris webby, mod sun, huey mack, machine gun kelly or kid cudi we can't be friends bye"	-1							
1	"going to the social media week in chicago tomorrow morning. will be bouncing between trib tower, illini center & depaul all day! #smwchicago"	0							
1	yup. and did you watch degrassi from friday yet? looool awkward campbell	-1							
1	i just wonder how peter is the 1st pope when the romans crucified him 200 years before christianity was legalized in rome	0							
1	lying in bed last night listening 2 the wind in porto heli & dreaming of windsurfing! dropped off now: time for a 1/2 term bbq in the sun!	0							
1	\ winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area until 8:00pm tuesday.  may get snowed in ;)	1							
1	my niece has a project due on the washington monument next friday	0							
1	next tuesday night it's man city v ajax on itv followed by us election night that goes on till 6am. good job i don't have uni on wednesday	1							
1	"super sunday indeed. after the footy & cricket, ss4 has buffalo-ny jets & houston-denver; c4 airs ne-baltimore;  has houston-denver"	1							
1	"on this friday morning, as i await news of my fate, i want you all to know that turbo lover is my favourite judas priest song."	1							
1	#NAME?	1							
1	why wait until september to see stan walker in sydney when he's coming to newcastle panthers on 24 august!	0							
1	hey  feel like coming to edmonton on the 11th with your tour buddies  #wouldntmind #summerjam	0							
1	all the crew at the den university of calgary will be cheering with u next sunday. go stamps go.	1							
1	"the brits don't need us-style debates. they debate every wednesday. then again, the uk parties don't have to work together. usually #pmq"	-1							
1	ah woops that's my bad they play the knicks tomorrow	-1							
1	"uploading a new video tomorrow! nandito ako (jonya) fanvid, the first cut is the deepest (cover) & elevator - david archuleta (short cover)."	0							
1	"big week... revs tonight, ice cream  tuesday, and upstairs for project x  wednesday for halloween. totally buzzing."	1							
1	i hope i get to meet carmelo anthony tomorrow at the knicks rally #hopeful	1							
1	maybe behind the times but has espn taken ron jaworski off monday night crew? not complaining. #easyontheears #nicesurprise	1							
1	"seems like a pretty crafty fella.  if he thinks real hard, the finder fee may not be necessary!"	1							
1	today was national pancake day ~ my #wordlesswednesday says it all even if it is #mickymouse waffles =)	1							
1	several new series available friday at the all arts market at neighborhood theatre!	0							
1	"anniversary of miracle, national margarita day, and ash wednesday. #celebration"	0							
1	"despite sandy, the show goes on: weehawken, nj - october 30:  much of the new york city skyline sits in darkness..."	0							
1	anybody want to hang out saturday or sunday? florida mall? premium?	0							
1	"hey, it's gary carter bobblehead night when the clones come to vt on saturday.  25 cent hot dogs and fireworks on friday. woohoo!"	1							
1	"ally mccoist has told the sunday mail he hopes rangers can adopt a youth development model similar to porto, ajax and psv"	0							
1	debating on going to the memphis vs clippers game wednesday or watching the knicks vs heat game on tv #decisions	0							
1	"*  \[congress may provide for the case of removal of both],  declaring what officer shall then act as president.\  (article 2, section 1)  *"	0							
1	"your taking your time, your josh has already blossomed into a filthy rich young man .. he payed me taxi on saturday #someguy"	1							
1	mark your calendars! woody's tonight (newport beach) friday at sevilla (long beach) #fb	0							
1	this song says everything about a break up ...rope to hang by neil mcsweeney: dir. sat johal of crows nest films	0							
1	"sorry for not replying much, working but most want sagna lb or tv5 shifted but remember kos and jenk played 120 mins tues too. #toughcall"	-1							
1	bozo porno circus with ebm dollz live october 27 in san antonio at backstage live!  via	0							
1	"testing time fr congress frm tomorrow, #ramdev at ramlila maidan delhi as he braces up to catch the rapacious bull by the horn."	0							
1	meetings in edmonton tomorrow morning. shopping in the afternoon. football game in the evening. drinks afterwards? where?	0							
1	astrology may be just a load of bull... but some of it is scary true and the other half is well you can figure that out! #d3random	0							
1	im so mad at catholics im going to a baptist church tomorrow and converting #boilingmad	-1							
1	.   dmdk party led by actor vijayakanth may not sustain for a long time under the shrewd politics of jayalalithaa.	-1							
1	massive congrats on the best roots album award in nz! looking forward to sharing the stage monday in melbourne town	1							
1	thank you cole for being the 20th like! :d	1							
1	if you don't by break time tomorrow that is my second team!   i would already have them if gary carter was in the set...	0							
1	"gunna have a dank trim and maybe treat myself to a kfc tomorrow, get me in the mood for the weekend..."	0							
1	lets go saints saints: saints 7th round pick ot marcel jones from nebraska at the nfl combine  saints: saints 7t...	0							
1	"*curls up next to papa on the front porch* \going through baseball withdrawal?\ i ask him. \hardly, circe.... playoffs start tomorrow.\"	1							
1	"mallshow with the #pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy, divine, deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza, april 30, 6pm! :)"	1							
1	true fact: christianity based on a man who wins by dying. we call the day of his death good friday.	1							
1	alan pardew apparently compared colocinni to bobby moore.   i may fucking shoot the prick for that blasphemy. #nufc #wufc.	-1							
1	"martin stupid \1st notice, 2nd notice, a don't let me catch your ass in the street notice\"	-1							
1	a dance on december 8th for all the cheerleaders in the district at east	0							
1	"anne and toni with myrtle, melai, francella, jericho and jm on sarah g live this october 28..."	0							
1	tottenham boss andre villas-boas has confirmed he has no plans to sell emmanuel adebayor in the january	0							
1	"we may not win academy awards, but we will be the freaking people's choice dammit!!!"	-1							
1	"our last draw for an hd tv is today, 24 feb., at noon. good luck, everyone! details to enter the #pplhdtv comp:"	1							
1	come see the valley players preform the tragedy of ethan frome in jba fri & sat! it's sure to be a \smash!\	1							
1	"springsteen, bon jovi, sting to star in hurricane benefit concert friday:  superstar musicians born in the new y..."	0							
1	yelling i'm so proud of my son trayvon he'll be getting acknowledge in tomorrow assembly he is student of the month. just thanking god!	1							
1	isn't it just!  staying in and watching the lovely james martin on saturday kitchen. great pumpkin soup recipe to warm u up	1							
1	we love free!   celebrate with fox theatre for their 5th anniversary!...	1							
1	"and the new season opener is against the dallas stars on thursday, oct 25. you probably shouldn't buy tickets yet. call me cynical."	-1							
1	"just found out we have 91 appointments n we are shooting for 120 on monday - huntsville, al are you ready for us?!?!  #nmae"	0							
1	katy perry - ni**as in paris (cover): woah i didn't think she had it in her...   via	0							
1	"in the cl final when lehmann got that red card, he chose to sub out pires in the 10th minute to get almunia in. pires felt"	0							
1	i just hope danica meets justin tomorrow. and danielle. they both deserve it. they support justin with everything they have. #jbmeetdanica	1							
1	get down to adelaide oval tomorrow to see acc's  and the  in action!	0							
1	sooooo it looks like i won't be seeing mick foley in february.	-1							
1	i got tomorrow off!! woooop!! (@ adrienne arsht center for the performing arts)	0							
1	"you get it boy! hey, thanks for the champagne & nummies...very much appreicated & glad you & laurin made it sunday..thanks poof"	1							
1	"you hitting that com truise/bonde do role show at the echo tomorrow? just entered the last contest i could find, haha."	1							
1	writing up my case study so i can enjoy my weekend by going to raleigh friday && babysitting my favorite twi	1							
1	going to see  and  along with all the other  superstars december 3rd in greensboro nc :)	1							
1	cant wait to see my mami's  and  damn might just hurt the streets of raleigh tomorrow night.	1							
1	"compiling playlist for lab visit tomorrow. mostly rammstein and pumpkins so far... i'm going to get in trouble, aren't i?"	0							
1	so glad that i slept again when my friend phoned me from gampel for the 2nd time! now i have \i know\ as voicemail on my mobile. #placebogig	1							
1	may even get to watch the north london derby match at emirates for the first time next season!	1							
1	cabin fever 2 drops tomorrow. no way it'll be better than taylor allderdice but i'm still pumped for it.	1							
1	will be on sarah g live this sunday. don`t forget to watch :3. she will have her first ever duet with sarah g. :p	0							
1	"the sun had set behind granite house twenty minutes before, and the eastern horizon was darkening."	0							
1	the driver of a motor vehicle that crashed on petrolia line in the evening of july 11 remains in serious condition.	0							
1	"i'm going to destructo at rise in boston, ma - sep 28"	0							
1	needed the loo since bethnal green... now the other side of romford this suit might be getting dry cleaned tomorrow	-1							
1	yelawolf is still the best yelawolf - billy crystal feat rockcity on screen lyrics:  via #dgitjustbecause he took 4th	1							
1	"#trayvon my daily tweet (10/21) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 239 days ago! ~may you rest in peace~ (stay strong, family.)"	0							
1	wish i couldve went to see miss may i tonight at house of blues -.-	1							
1	view from the valley: seymour schools to open friday	0							
1	tomorrow night thursday oct 25!!! first blood tour dubstep & trap halloween party with mayhem!!!! greensboro nc...	0							
1	"ha ha yeah you're right! well forget pires, mulleady on saturday at kilbeggan is the next sure thing! lol if she runs of course."	1							
1	and who had maidana fought before the khan fight? hahahaha and he lost to devon alexander in february who is shit also! #clueless	-1							
1	"ian going to the game , that's a waste of money because rosedale gone demolish us 1st quater #fact"	-1							
1	"i'm going to roger sanchez at dot club in santiago, chile - oct 31"	0							
1	"the fox shows watched moving onto a movie, george clooney no thank you. i may be one of the few on the planet who has never watched titanic"	0							
1	i will! i just won't be at star tomorrow night (friday). but half our staff and dj will be working at bang too lol.	0							
1	"i`m off twitter for today, lets hope i return tomorrow being able to tweet about a tottenham win in tonights capital one cup versus norwich."	0							
1	uconn confirms 2 p.m. press conference tomorrow at gampel to discuss \future of the men's basketball program.\	0							
1	thanx for the follow!! make sure to check us out this friday!!  for trina!!! live!!  #empirenola	1							
1	attn: runway class for tonight nov 1st is cancelled. sorry for the inconvenience. it will be rescheduled for next...	-1							
1	"and i never had a good time i sat by my bedside with papers, poetry about estella.   #greatexpectations"	-1							
1	the tri-cities fever beat the wichita wild friday night to win the intense conference championship for the second...	1							
1	\and i never had a good time while sat by your bedside with papers and poetry about estella.\	-1							
1	my godsister better take her ass straight home after school tomorrow. nca won't be the place for her to be after school	-1							
1	if you are at the rampage game dm me i may be able to get you in our suite.	0							
1	world bank's most business-friendly countries;malaysia is the 12th most competitive economy on the world for doing business.	0							
1	panellist from world bank presentating on understanding the potential for youth and women and wat may help guarantee success #gcard2 #c22	1							
1	dante cunningham getting all 12 1st qtr minutes at four and led minny w/ 8 points. imagine it'll be all derrick williams in 2nd qtr.	0							
1	carling cup on wednesday. no extra time please.  have to play more england internationals and give the kids a rest. #lfc #stillinthehat	0							
1	lowering the rims may be the one thing that will turn me off to wbb. my attraction to wbb over nba is fundimentals	0							
1	"false start penalty, garner moved early. brings up 3rd and 16 from the yale 47."	-1							
1	don't drop the same day as nipsey hussle... \ december 21st!\	0							
1	o'mara says \political influence\ was at play in charging of zimmerman with 2nd degree murde	0							
1	\ kickball tournament is on its way #mizzouspirit  .. the tigers are coming back strong tomorrow!	1							
1	if i don't feel a1 tomorrow i'm not going to school rs!	-1							
1	#worldcup  #party jason vernau live @ set nightclub miami february 25th 2012:      jason vernau is back with som...	0							
1	brandon roy's return and derrick williams' role may determine if the timberwolves take the next step.	0							
1	all this damn work i still haven't had the chance to call martin about these poems. i have to do it tomorrow	-1							
1	10th grade i said nipsey hussle the best rapper out. everybody was like hell naw then when the marathon came out everybody was on his nuts	1							
1	"as some of you may know we have a fish tank & this little guy is named jeff carter. sadly, i think he's dying."	-1							
1	bowling tomorrow c; don't want things to be awkard lol	0							
1	thanks fa the love!! i'm coming to greensboro nc dec. 1-8 make a appointment ;)	1							
1	'wont back down' with viola davis or 'house at the end of the street' with jennifer lawrence? movie to see at the cinema tomorrow.	1							
1	"but yeah, young black film makers, afropolitans at the rich mix this sunday, pass through to discuss zoe saldana debacle."	0							
1	"follow  to find out how to win tickets for fantazia 360, as it comes to the liacouras center november 3rd at 7:30!"	0							
1	"photoset: jeremyrennerseyes: jeremy renner at the 22nd annual film independent spirit awards, santa monica..."	0							
1	oooh yha and the dmc and a$ap rocky one is 2-4th	1							
1	it's the clash of the century - we're taking on  and  at bowling tonight. may the best show win. (us) #fightingtalk	1							
1	"book swap, saturday at 2pm! we'll bring the cookies...."	0							
1	"hey angelos have you never thought of matching the food with wine on saturday kitchen, a perfect job for your delicate palate."	1							
1	"what a dramatic weekend in racing! #crunchtimeatkansas, huge comeback in nns, a 1st-time #meconspeed winner and  in the rain. 7pm et."	0							
1	#housemusic #fun jason vernau live @ set nightclub miami february 25th 2012:      jason vernau is back with some...	0							
1	"exciting ang sarah g live this sunday with anne curtis, myrtle, melay, echo, jm de guzman and toni gonzaga! =)"	1							
1	"eonni!!! please win the mama award for ost! fighting! and take care, i want to see you on jan 19... an ordinary fan from somewhere!"	1							
1	"in his session at the 11th international cloud expo, brian clark, vice president, field services, at objectivity..."	0							
1	can't wait for your tour so exited!!!! il see u on monday i hope :/ remember me camilla parker bowles lol love you so much! xxxx	1							
1	brief-clearwire says has enough funding to last it until end q3 2013: oct 25 (reuters) - clearwire corp :  * say...	1							
1	"but a very happy 21st birthday to my niece's mommy, jess. i love you with all my heart and miss payton too (who will be 1 in 12 days.)"	1							
1	\ tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue's yonghwa and beast's gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november 10.\	0							
1	"next friday at airline skate center ,micheal jackson tribute night. friday night 7-11 , ill be on the 1s & 2s."	0							
1	it is predicted that the winter classic and the all-star game will be cancelled this upcoming monday	0							
1	"jeff, joseph arthur and the amazing richard stuverud.... fox theater in bolder, november 18th. do not miss this!..."	1							
1	george harrison wrote \here comes the sun\ from the point of view of a suicidal vampire.	0							
1	"lmfao , she gone die . all the niggas gone be at nca tomorrow"	-1							
1	watching the lorax with my boys.. happy saturday	1							
1	"6th...playoffs and a carling cup final!! malky mackay, i literally love you!! #whataseason"	1							
1	really pumped about knock2bag on friday w/   and sheeps and others! doors 7pm at rich mix.	0							
1	"i'm going to soundwave festival at olympic park in sydney, australia - feb 24"	0							
1	"will you be joining us at the ritz carlton, 9am saturday for pink ribbon day and worldwide breast cancer awareness?"	0							
1	so you wouldn't have regretted selling pires after his 1st season? i think it's outlandish to base all your judgement on 1 season	-1							
1	come support ballard field hockey in the semi-finals tomorrow at 7:15 at bellarmine! #bruinfam #studentsection #loudandproud	1							
1	i think ni**as in paris may be the greatest song ever made	1							
1	exo-m upcoming schedule: exo-m will be going to nanjing tomorrow because they're going to attend 'yangtze river...	0							
1	semi-finals tomorrow are going to be gay...	-1							
1	"this looks like a nice place to spend a friday afternoon.....  chalet of the week, chardon, val d'isere...."	1							
1	"if dontari poe runs the 40 .3 slower at the nfl combine, he's maybe a 2nd round pick. nice work #chiefs."	1							
1	"robert turbin impresses at nfl combine: but on sunday in indianapolis, he became just another name, trying to pr..."	0							
1	it's on....wifey and i gonna make the trip from new mexico for my 30th bday to join the #12thman on 12/9/12 to for the az game. #seahawks	0							
1	"snsd's tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang mcs for the sbs k-pop super concert nov 10"	0							
1	tomorrow night at 7 p.m... we need madison city stadium packed with everyone wearing red  as bob jones defends its region 8 championship	0							
1	"review : black friday 2012 ampro t19701 6 led flashlight with magnetic pick-up tool:  find, shop, see reviews , ..."	0							
1	"ever seen the huntsville statue of sam houston? true story - on a road trip, woke up and thought it was 2nd coming."	0							
1	"sister is rubbing it in my face the fact that she has no school tomorrow and i do, #ulazysackofshit thalia its all love though lmao"	-1							
1	"checkers to move to south division in 2012-13 - last thursday, the american hockey league concluded its annual board..."	0							
1	no wait!! mick foley will be at smu from 10 to 11 am on 03 nov... but i still unsure on whether to go see kewei in the evening.	-1							
1	free guided hike of the tortolitas on saturday at 8 a.m. meet at the wild burro trailhead on the ritz-carlton grounds in marana.	0							
1	perfect pairing. the singapore slingers plus the white ghost shivers august 31. tix	1							
1	the real answer is im coming to see laurin and emily tomorrow #nojoke	0							
1	we're going to ricks cafe on thursday! or come here anyday!	0							
1	this made my day. girl scout cookie orders start on friday in #md. i have an unhealthy obsession with thin mints ...	1							
1	a new favorite: jason vernau live @ surfcomber march 16 th 2012 miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera & friends	1							
1	are back at rich mix on wed 17 oct teaching you how to design an app in a day:	0							
1	not checked with lou but 22nd def out can do 21st though. shall i text baylis?	0							
1	"looking forward to the nest prizefighter on nov 3rd at bethnal green - light middleweights turn - 2k bonus added for each ko, #incentive"	1							
1	"yes i am. coz for me when henry, pires & others left & also cesc may be, were more sad than this rvp! but do u think he's leaving?"	-1							
1	"delicious grilled cheese with ham cooked in sun dried tomato, parmesan & garlic oil from olive that in montclair"	1							
1	"hey #gh fans, we all must support  in the upcoming season of #dwts, premiering tomorrow night!! the pride of port charles!!"	1							
1	"discover the business value of your library card wednesday, september 19th 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm harold washington..."	0							
1	come on andy. kids are in bed. dinner is out of the way. 2nd beer is open. 50\ hd tv is on. play your game. #wimbledon2012	0							
1	sprint to buy stake in clearwire: sprint nextel corp. on thursday said that it wants to buy out the founder of c...	0							
1	tomorrow october 25 il divo is presented in the valence forum here in venezuela! and i'm not going hahaha	-1							
1	who wants to go with me tomorrow night to go see  at the roxy theater? tickets are cheep. thanks and please please please!	1							
1	wanna go see legally blonde at north at 2 on saturday? i told your mom already but i need to make sure they have tickets if ya want	0							
1	"she's got anne curtis, toni gonzaga, dat guy who looks like bruno mars from last sunday, idk his name lol n 4 others idk them :d"	0							
1	excited for halloween tomorrow i am going to be jake from state farm	1							
1	"\  i may say bad words too but that doesn't mean i lost my christianity, i love you god\ true"	1							
1	"i may be in the minority here, but i feel like george harrison pulled off the \full hobo\ look better than john lennon."	1							
1	everyone buy something from kinnucans tomorrow! 10% goes to the bob jones drama department and it will really benefit us! do it.	1							
1	if robbie keane score 10 goals tonight i may like him.	0							
1	"check it out!! big time rush: dance party & big time rush: backstage pass pushed back a week, out on november 13..."	0							
1	wait to yall see the jeremy evans from the utah jazz highlight on sportscenter tomorrow!!	0							
1	catch it! mt  tomorrow venus will make final trek across face of sun as seen from the earth til 2117	0							
1	new show | starkville: big krit and guests. october 10. ricks cafe. tickets on sale friday at 10am.  spread it!	0							
1	robbie keane speaking now: \we let ourselves down and we let the country down. it wasn't good enough on friday.\ #rtesoccer	-1							
1	won the 400 and the 200 and came 2nd in the 800 at tayside and fife championships!	1							
1	rita could you tweet danica's video? she'll be trying to meet justin on november 2nd in louisville.	0							
1	he's 2nd on that list. he retired mick foley in there.	0							
1	is anyone going to h&m tomorrow for the fashion against aids collection?	0							
1	every time i listen to promise by romeo santos the 1st person who comes to mind is  :))	1							
1	at the 10th annual cloud expo	0							
1	hmm ok but prob compared to nca it may well be ?	0							
1	"hi, would you contact me about a medical travel event at the ritz carlton san fran tomorrow? i need bloggers and tweeters."	0							
1	congratulations rona for the 5th place in eurosong contest. you deserve more than this<3	1							
1	"i do believe trayvon may be innocent or may not, but i don't like it when people gin up mobs & hate even if they don't mean to."	-1							
1	this time tomorrow i'll be at the london o2 arena. #vibes	0							
1	"i'm at my friends for lunch tomorrow on north road, did you still want to meet up? :3 xx"	0							
1	"last day in melaka with skh, have to go home tomorrow. memories can not be forgotten .. i love you skh."	1							
1	\ i need an nns ticket for sat. anyone got any?\nope but should be easy to get 1 at the track	0							
1	galaxy tune up for whitecaps; sounders fall to 3rd: mike magee scored on a pass from robbie keane in the 83rd mi...	0							
1	#housemusic #news jason vernau live @ set nightclub miami february 25th 2012:      jason vernau is back with som...	0							
1	you may have find memories of rock concerts at adelaide oval. but how about a film screening?...	0							
1	i know its a long shot but can anyone help with a ticket to the north london derby on nov 17? i'd be forever grateful	1							
1	i haven't bought my kit and ncs is tomorrow. my frame of mind right now is just #leaveityeah	-1							
1	can you play wah wah or bware of darkeness by george harrison tomorrow please :)	1							
1	i can get money for kermit but ain't gone have it by tomorrow!	-1							
1	is the workman vs. lp game this friday?	0							
1	"ok, party people, who's going to be at jeff timmons' last wired show tomorrow night? show him some love if you're in town! :)"	1							
1	"crazypants. got to the 7th, saw kermit play bullets. beautiful area"	1							
1	"working in the bi nam exhibition again tomorrow and photographing the new exhibition at turner house in the eve, excited!"	1							
1	"#onthisday 2005 prince charles married camilla parker bowles.  \well, there were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded\"	0							
1	so from what i understand from the mckew news... it turns out gillard may have challenged rudd for the alp leadership...	0							
1	fb: jakes keeps it on 2nd down and sets up a 3rd and 3 for wku. ball at mtsu 46	0							
1	where could the il divo guys be performing tomorrow night? tell us where you think they are	0							
1	cloud computing: whiptail talks big data & the speed of life at cloud expo - soa wolrd: the 10th...  #bigdata #cloud	0							
1	flowers again for toni next sunday? hehe! congratulations to the ultimate multimedia star toni gonzaga!	1							
1	i have to decide if i'm going to the louisville game saturday asap so they won't take away my tickets	0							
1	grappling with corruption and business in brazil: the world bank is sponsoring a  panel discussion on october 17...	0							
1	tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue's yonghwa and beast's gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november 10.	0							
1	i hope that rammstein gets played on the wedding dancefloor tomorrow. that would mean 4 of my teenage booze mates will have had it	1							
1	film independent spirit awards attendees react to times' recent study of the membership of the motion picture academy	0							
1	evgeni malkin scores to make it 1-1 legwand looks hurt. that may have been goal of the year. sevrdw7a	0							
1	just watched the lorax for the 20th time!! #ihavenoregrets #ooc	0							
1	support emerging scholars tomorrow at 12 noon for the annual kickball tournament .	1							
1	it's super bowl sunday for the kids! on the turf in chardon. #timetowin #herewego	1							
1	eurovision 2012 party in washington dc on may 26 with live stream from eurosong contest  #eurovision	0							
1	c'mon you telling me emily chrissy and thalia couldn't have had a better show case then that? at least a stage for the jackets my mans.	-1							
1	looking for some free fun? come to  friday to see the classic camp films \cobra woman\ & \jungle island.\	1							
1	"be sure to attend the gcs career exploration fair on november 15th, from 4-7pm, at the greensboro coliseum special..."	0							
1	everyone please watch asap on  abs-cbn this sunday to see the beautiful  :d	1							
1	l!! where is terrance he need  to cme back to the bluff should've stayed with him wednesday instead of going to turner house!! :))	0							
1	looks like i'm going to sit at richwood with my brother tomorrow.!	0							
1	"tomorrow venus crosses the sun and there's lots more going on much closer to north branford and northford, too."	0							
1	silly string / silly season. love an owl story. fancy watching the football in bethnal green on sunday..?	1							
1	clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum: sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a stake in c...	0							
1	mick foley live on  #raw! play as the 3 faces of foley starting tomorrow in #wwe13!	0							
1	"i liked 'kendrick lamar - the rave / eagles club - september 22, 2012 ...' in the the rave / eagles club app"	1							
1	will     or any other ses grads be at the fhsu vs. ksu wbb game tomorrow?! #comeseeme :)	1							
1	yep im having a party @ the eagles club theres a dj on fridays so ill have my party oct 5th im so amped!!	0							
1	photo: scinerds: sharpening up jupiter amazing image of jupiter taken in infrared light on the night of aug....	0							
1	"mark the dates: miss earth 2012 coronation night nov 24, sat, live on starworld, 8pm. free-tv broadcast on sun, nov 25, 10am on abs-cbn."	0							
1	"i may go off the grid till 11/7. \christians\ keep driving me further from christianity. pregnancy after rape is science, not \god's will.\"	-1							
1	#signsyouneedtogrowup you still hit up the skate center on friday nights	0							
1	"info] tomorrow exo m will be going to nanjing (via.sotea123)	0	1	11101011110100, 011110001100, 1000100, 11100110010, 111010111100, 1010, 11100110101, 0101110, 0111111000, 1110010111111, 11100011100, 001110111, 1110101111100, 111100110111110, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	"can't wait to see you guys thursday at gampel, it's gonna be freakin' awesome!!"	1							
1	but ohhhh come december 6th i'm smokin to the whole kush x oj nd taylor allderdice just like old days	0							
1	i now want to ride my bike with \here come the sun\ by george harrison playing in the background and my hair flowing behind me. #fun	0							
1	"ricky ponting and i now have something in common. today he passed 23,000 1st class runs. last night at training, i was hit for 23,000 runs."	0							
1	lowering the bar may have found the first recusal motion to cite girl scout cookies.  thin mints are criminally good.	1							
1	"save the night, save the day. save the love, come what may. love is worth everything we pay. #tebaklagu #duet #barat *clue, ost.nya zorro*"	1							
1	"starkville, ms! coming at you tomorrow night to rage at ricks cafe and we've got a pair of tickets to give away...."	0							
1	can't believe i may have seen the play of the year in the preseason! jeremy evans just put turiaf in his place! #slamdunkchampion #sctopten	1							
1	#skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free b4 9:30pm hosted by #saab its always fun when you rolling!!! haha x1	1							
1	congrats  on your new contract. can believe this is you 18th season at espn. time flies. always delighted to see you at rupp.	1							
1	"jets selection of wesley walker (2nd round 1977 draft), without knowing he was legally blind in left eye, led to creation of nfl combine."	0							
1	"you off to cork ? have lots of fun & safe trip, you've done a lot since your 1st meet at eurosong haha"	1							
1	the birthday boy and his lamb. the lamb's name is balki. come out to the volstead tomorrow for a taste. #ouimybuddy	0							
1	may not know spanish but shit whenever i listen to il divo i just want to flash my scarlet!	1							
1	"want to gan see ferry corsten at digi on friday... can't be bad if your ranked 15th in the world, above angello, hardwell & calvin harris."	0							
1	"there is still time to register for \happiest baby on the block\!  come have brunch tomorrow morning, learn how..."	0							
1	"omg mali music is going to be in philly tomorrow! at the liacouras center, performing at the kingsmen tour! i'm so sad."	-1							
1	hopefully i have a better day tomorrow...today was just cow shit.  well...im going to big bang concert so of course it's gonna be bomb!	1							
1	enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes tomorrow	0							
1	pretty excited for #sbucheerleaders to come to the liacouras center in january...	1							
1	sunday night is chilis night in the turner house lol	1							
1	did you tell rio in the weeks before rudd was knifed there would be no mining tax introduced in the may 10 budget?	0							
1	come to green valley ranch jeff timmons wired show buddy i play guitar in it!!!!!  this friday and saturday in ovation room	0							
1	"was thinking about seeing jaws at the roxy on wednesday, but now it seems i'll be seeing bait 3d instead. it'll be just as good, right?"	0							
1	i use to love that song in the 8th grade. trina was my role model lmfao	1							
1	"i have a real dilemma here, so tomorrow is the a$ap rocky concert in phoenix but i got called back to start working tomorrow at bianchi's"	0							
1	"my biggerst worries about this hurricane are meryl streep and susan sarandon, because they live in ny, may god protect them and ther family"	0							
1	the boys have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor	0							
1	last day of our max conference here at twickers with mark and eric up presenting the roadmap after an awesome 1st day yesterday #maxcc	1							
1	i texted you on tuesday i was trina see if you wanted to match	0							
1	download the unscene app for all the info for the halloween party in covina hills fri. nite	0							
1	"tomorrow venus will eclipse in front of the sun, an important cosmic event that will prepare humanity for the..."	1							
1	"congrats to trey haley, shawn armstrong ( and alex monsalve for being named to the afl's rising stars team. game is sat @ 8pm"	1							
1	going to olive garden with my family! so happy it's my 15th birthday!	1							
1	"considering the size of our squad these days, we could have done without extra time ahead of another trip to tayside on saturday. #hmfc"	0							
1	"saturday kitchen, rick stein, makes me want to move to australia"	0							
1	"make sure to check out the weekly friday's round - up of book signings , interviews and reviews over at the oak..."	0							
1	derby's in may my marathon can happen anytime of the year lol	0							
1	cakap je. can we do it on tuesday ? im in melaka. i really want to be in the picture... please. *u may copy and paste this*	1							
1	an exciting day tomorrow  oscars well making his chase debut and operating first time out over hurdles!! #fingerscrossed	1							
1	fm preview: west bromwich albion v arsenal 13 may 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes...	0							
1	"our debut concert is nov.4th at the harold washington cultural center with avant & syleena , come support"	0							
1	bca voter education guide for november 6. endorsed candidates & information on the constitutional amendments	0							
1	it looks like my brother is going to see a$ap rocky tomorrow sigh his life needs to stop being significantly better than mine	1							
1	"with a 7-2 win last night, the norfolk admirals tied the american hockey league record with their 17th consecutive win. fantastic stuff."	1							
1	"update: mallshow with the #pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy, divine, deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza, april 30, 6pm! -- adminkim"	0							
1	randall bailey is due to defend the title against devon alexander in texas on september 22.	0							
1	normally i prefer a spot of rammstein on a sunday morning - perfect for doing the ironing or a spot of aggressive furniture polishing.	1							
1	"great season, it's been a pleasure listening to volare in the 9th inning! mas ernasty ano q viene!"	1							
1	rosedale is 40mins from b'berg. about 3hrs from rocky. the crews must be weary after fighting the euleilah fire since tuesday.	-1							
1	nysports rothstein files: five observations from uconn: monday was the first time i took in a practice at gampel...	0							
1	today issued a statement once it learned that sprint may take a controlling interest in clearwire in order (cont)	0							
1	love this song! one of my favorites for sure. can't wait to see you tomorrow at the roxy! (	1							
1	october 27 1962: u2 aircraft strays over siberia. usaf interceptors sent to protect armed with nuclear warheads #cuba1962	0							
1	"depaul wbb practice, wine, nd football, dinner with big brother in lincoln park = great saturday"	1							
1	"gold and diamond are never at the periphery, we really need to dig deeper into christianity....phil. 3:10-18,rom. 12:1-3..... happy sunday."	0							
1	we get garner 1st round. got to beat the beat to be the best!!  #adn	1							
1	interesting: sacha baron cohen to play  freddie mercury in the latter's biopic	1							
1	sooo.. what you're telling me is that no one is down to get drunk as shit for the cypress game tomorrow and talk shit to the cypress kids?	-1							
1	pottstown and pottsgrove school districts closed on tuesday due to the hurricane.	0							
1	"who's next then? the togo team of emmanuel adebayor (tot), that's who. 1-1 away from 1st leg. 0-0 after 30 mins of the 2nd."	0							
1	"today i came to the world of television, who knows, but may be very soon i will be interviewing big time rush? i wish this all my soul! <3"	1							
1	hey friend. i stopped by last saturday.  will be in huntsville this weekend checking on family. catch you next time.	0							
1	can we get a rt: big north london derby tonight cockspur rum t20 cup 2nd round  vs highgate cc 6.30 start @ hornsey	0							
1	"and like doug wead has said many times, if he didn't run as a republican many may have never known about him."	-1							
1	is coming up this weekend!! we're super excited! playing the blue stage on sat night right before a$ap rocky!	1							
1	we just confirmed nipsey hussle dec. 29th  hall tix on sale friday!	0							
1	find out more about our guest lesley thomson before she pops up at book swap tomorrow night:	0							
1	performing tomorrow at the harold washington cultural center with  come support the team	1							
1	"friday, october 19th - talib kweli: idle warship with res at the adrienne arsht center!"	0							
1	why are people hating on lp for their win? it's their night. and we're gonna trend again anyways after we beat westlake saturday so save it	-1							
1	boxing news: devon alexander and randall bailey ready to slug it out on september 8th	0							
1	"i miss my bestfriend,octaveia, my cousin ,april .. my bestie,kaliyah, tricey, dasia,mikia,& the other people i miss with at richwood !!"	-1							
1	lmaooo not even it was most def in like 8th grade i think ? when i went to berkmar !	0							
1	arrived in llandudno to attend the 3rd conference in 3 weeks.  my little car can almost drive itself here.  south to north #noshortcuts	0							
1	#pistons struggle in 1st.  trail minny 27-10 at end of 1 in winnipeg.  det 3/17 fg with 6 turnovers.  derrick williams 12 pts for minn.	0							
1	are there any aussie directioners from canberra?? going there on the 12th of september would love to meet some more aussie directioners <3	1							
1	martin isn't a leader for the 2nd unit like harden. your guys bench is done plus westbrook is a ball hog	-1							
1	show up at our 2nd shop and dan is listening to rammstein...today is going to rule #du #duhast #duhastmich	1							
1	fb: three runs do the trick for mtsu and they are out to their own 33-yard line. 1st and 10	0							
1	big day tomorrow! rvc wbb get their national championship rings and an exciting new era of mbb begins! good luck  and coach opat!	1							
1	continued : emmanuel adebayor has not travelled with the squad for our europa league away tie in greece tomorrow evening.	0							
1	\ a decade later and still the lebron x 'blue diamond' available in select stores tomorrow.   these! >>>>	0							
1	iknowushould2 will be at the tom joyner health festival @ the liacouras center tomorrow come out for freebies!	0							
1	blimey! we have a star guest on the radio horton 'knowing your businesses' show tomorrow at 10am. marleeeene!	0							
1	i hate asap on friday !!!! why i have busy always in the end of week :(	-1							
1	may get a wider training gig somewhere. hard to play super rugby when you weigh 47kgs though	0							
1	wow! thank you tanduay may replay ang #tanduayrockfest sa abs-cbn. you're the best  rock on pilipinas!	1							
1	"metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22, price is $499: good news for metropcs cust...  more after redirect"	1							
1	i went on google & saw 'special signing w/ romeo santos in boston ma' when i clicked it it said (nov 16 2011) -.- got me hype for no reason	-1							
1	"we're excited about our cinemonkeys session before the lorax next wed 31st - perfect half term entertainment! cm @ 12.30pm, lorax at 1.30pm"	1							
1	here's all you need to know about upcoming #lebronx drops  thursday marks two launches blue diamond & jade. #teamlebron	0							
1	"lovin the presidential debate shea weber just leveled evgeni malkin, i may be on the wrong channel. z7hkp2cd"	1							
1	"how are  going to get 20,000+ to adelaide oval when they can't even get 15,000 to aami on a sunday afternoon? crowd = concerning. #afl"	0							
1	nicki minaj kissing lil wayne! caught red handed at the nba all-star game (exclusive photos/video)	0							
1	i think pardew started the craze off sunday !!!!! collocini compared to bobby moore	0							
1	i love thursdays....grey's anatomy....one day closer to friday.....and no driving to huntsville.	1							
1	going ice skating friday with thalia jack helemma and jazmin maybe giancarlo yaaaaa...	0							
1	"i see you're in dallas & a fan of a$ap rocky, email us (att for a great oppo to attend show at hob on fri!"	1							
1	going to jungle island tomorrow	0							
1	#rtesoccer robbie keane saying he always knew germany was going to finish 1st in the group!!! #winningmentality #coybig	1							
1	"with that score, farmerville is now up 27-6 over richwood with the 3rd qtr winding down."	0							
1	yall shld came down for #ghoe n greensboro nc #ncatsu. its still going down tomorrow nite. fuk w us.	0							
1	are you going to be at allstar tomorrow night ?	0							
1	"alright, ill go to ticketek tomorrow and sus it for you :)"	1							
1	"il divo - somewhere i am going to see them in dubai friday ,,love ,adore them"	1							
1	hey la music folks. you going to #hardsummer aug 4&5 #losangeles' most significant music festival. go destructo!	1							
1	"i hear that sanzar have confirmed that it is most wins 1st, the same as super rugby. i find the mistake ridiculous."	-1							
1	goodnight guys! going to big bang concert tomorrow omfg or i hope my parents dont bail last second	1							
1	"cloud computing and big data strategy: in this ceo power panel at the 10th international cloud expo, moderated b..."	0							
1	"my team is pretty straight on both leagues. on the 2nd league my first 5 are nash, paul george, melo, randolph & bynum."	0							
1	"strong  anyone thinking of going to chesterfield next saturday, edgar davids v luis boa-morte!?  & i may be there"	0							
1	derrick williams and  check in to tonight's game. budinger with a long 2! #twolves up 20-17 with seconds left in the 1st.	0							
1	do you own a business in bolder? then you may want to participate in this pilot energy program that's part of a...	0							
1	come on pires! enjoy the show! shout out to people in the u.k. and ireland wouldn't go astray! it's almost 3 am on a sunday!	1							
1	glad martin showed up though. hopefully it will work out in the long run. get out there tomorrow night! #thunderup	1							
1	i walked out and had trina d/c her....i'll have to fill u in saturday....i wrote a full pg progress note about it	0							
1	going to the richwood away game tomorrow to support my drummer boyyyy.(;	1							
1	i just ran a marathon on sunday with my hair bright pink for bca! #becauseicare	0							
1	so its supposed to be in the 30s sat night in natchitoches!!   better be lucky i love them!! #missyallboyz #itscold	1							
1	"haha , am not going to volleyball tomorrow morning . #needmysleep"	0							
1	rafeef ziadah is joining us at the rich mix alongside mark gonzales this monday!	0							
1	i'm still obsessed with werth...not on a jeff carter level more on a ryan lochte level. i think it may be sexual obsession	-1							
1	just saw won't back down the 2nd time! wow! viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal are phenomenal! even better the 2nd time! amazing cast too!!!	1							
1	"i had to march to get mlk day as a recognized holiday in greenville, mind you i 16yrs old when i did it!"	0							
1	if your in huntsville that halloween discount is valid in person jus hit me up & you'll get it tomorrow	1							
1	what march just went through bethnal green?	0							
1	who's going to the game tomorrow at flowing wells high school? (: marana v.s fw (: #homecoming	0							
1	"liverpool football club roll out the red carpet for the rnli. nov 30th. joe longthorne, asa murphy. tickets 32.50. send msg for tickets."	0							
1	sprint may not want to buy clearwire after all  #news #benefits #bloomberg #clearwire #future	0							
1	"info] exo-m will fly to nanjing tomorrow to attend yangtze river music festival on the 28th (along with super...	0	1	11101011110100, 111101110011010, 110100, 011011000110, 11100110010, 1111110010011, 1010, 11100110101, 010110011011, 111111000111101, 1111110101110, 0111111000, 10111110, 001110111, 100001, 010100000111, 1110101111100, 1011101000, 111100110111110, 011111011011110, 1110101111101, 111101111010111"""	0							
1	going to cypress the whole entire day on nov 16. gonna be seeing all the people i havnt seen in forever.	1							
1	fm preview: west ham united v hull city 28 apr 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes...	0							
1	im cuming back to natchitoches friday just to vote	0							
1	come on out this saturday and support us in the semi-finals round of the battle of the effn rock ii concert...	1							
1	i miss sarah g live last sunday. will watch it later.	-1							
1	may have a man crush on ace! like how is someone just naturally tht sweet!    #hehasfourbrot @ laurel tavern	1							
1	i honestly cant wait to get out of greensboro with   tomorrow!	1							
1	sitting in the sun reading keith richards 'life'. the man has some stories! #rollingstones	0							
1	"practicing with marana tomorrow, should be interesting, black pack all the way!"	1							
1	"bc ht was the 1st album of a very unique twist of rock and rap, lp is very original^_^ #hybridtheory"	1							
1	amy lee   veruca salt on vinyl and jenga on the brink! good saturday	1							
1	looking forward to facing ms. allysin kay this saturday in petrolia!!   come check it out!	1							
1	jenn's post below inspired me to find a few more pics of alex at the independent spirit awards this past february....	0							
1	the world bank cut its economic growth forecasts for the east asia and pacific region on monday and said there was a risk the slowdow...	-1							
1	"tonights friday family movie night is journey 2, the mysterious island! looks promising!"	1							
1	#house #music #fb jason vernau live @ set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some swe...	0							
1	"nope xdd i live in moskau, and.... it's not so cold.... ^^ in siberia, may be xd so... whatever our governor?"	0							
1	george harrison here comes the sun original	0							
1	but then i don't get why ep kings are gonna play super rugby but they still playing kwi 1st div.. crusaders aint no puma's just so they know	-1							
1	"good luck tomorrow night. you'll be great.  also, samoas and thin mints = great way to warm up the crowd.  #mmm  #socomx"	1							
1	our coverage of garner vs. athens drive beings tomorrow night at 6:30 on  &  hope you'll join us!	0							
1	ima hit u up tomorrow.  aye i still laugh at that ufc beer pong from u had in the garage at az lollll	0							
1	"i am squeeing at the latest bioshock infinite trailer, it may usurp the original's place in my top 5 games ever.  is a genius."	1							
1	mushu at the hurricane wearing tressa's rockstar bday foam guitar after our show last saturday. we killed it	1							
1	"i don't give a fuck though, it's all about #sockersweek #chicagomagicpsg friday night lights at olympic park"	-1							
1	"rick stein really is incredibly dull. bring back kids' saturday morning telly please. you know, with pop groups and stuff #sarurdaykitchen"	-1							
1	anyone looking forward to bioshock infinite? check out this new look at the game!	0							
1	"oh, are we gonna have any august & emma scene on \tallahassee\? just a yes or no and i'll be happy (happier if it's a yes)!"	1							
1	photos: rock of ages kicks off the 7th season at the adrienne arsht center	0							
1	"is that lady in the 1st scene of wanderlust w/ jennifer aniston & paul rudd the lady from mel's diner? if so, i am so happy to see her."	1							
1	watching freaky friday again with danica. #hernewfavoritemovie think 5 is too young to explain how good lindsey lohan had it before drugs?	1							
1	#idowhatican but tomorrow is just a quickish trip. the real shopping day with be at rosedale. #wewillmakeadate	0							
1	thanks for advising! rt 1st formal chapter of the yr went well. excited to be advising beta chi chp at university of denver	1							
1	"destructo next thurs, free before 10:30, guest list. let's go. cause i can!! (it's 21+)"	1							
1	i have an issue driving slow. so im gonna try to make it from az to lv in 3 hrs. tomorrow.	0							
1	on the 4th before u balik melaka can meet kejap ah? :)	0							
1	"tune in tomorrow for a brand new kena pluck!!!! this one is good! also, michelle chong brings 'almost famous' to the oscars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1							
1	#NAME?	0							
1	redbacks collapse against tigers: ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for...	0							
1	"explore the work of jeff carter - a writer, photographer, chronicler of life in the bush. coming up on artscape, aug 14"	0							
1	wait--there's going to be an august: osage county movie with meryl streep? holy crap!	0							
1	this olive garden commercial is so stupid. why would i want old pasta tomorrow?	-1							
1	going to watch connor run the 4x100m relay in state athletics championships at olympic park tomorrow. wishing him luck!! #runforrestrun	1							
1	i'm totally going to ace the sat!! #justkidding #iwish	1							
1	state farm may have the discount double check but thanks to my wife i have the hotel room triple check   no socks left behind	1							
1	we're excited for thursday's gadget equivalent to the oscars - the stuff awards. see which gizmos made the shortlist...	1							
1	"if the nhl lockout ended, preds would have 2 road games 1st week in october (st. louis - oct 2nd & wash.- oct 5th) according to the website."	0							
1	oh yeah the boys in raleigh tomorrow night yessirrr my first time at state hope it treat me righttttt	1							
1	"on this night of fine footy finals for the nrl & afl, may i take a moment to say the first round of super rugby is only 148 sleeps away :)"	1							
1	"i may throw the illest \fade route\ ....i should enter the nfl combine, lol"	0							
1	i like who i am now. other people may not. i'm comfortable. i feel freer now. i don't want growing older to matter to me. - meryl streep	1							
1	\ catch me on sarah g live this sunday!! hehe ingat guys! goodnight! love you!! :****\	1							
1	tom+lorenzo talk about the girls at elle's women in hollywood celebration! check out viola davis in raoul!	0							
1	"may the odds be ever in your favor, aussie directioners! aha! ;)"	1							
1	okay. my sister is freaking out because allstar isn't playing at the wildwood show tomorrow lmfaoooo!	1							
1	allstar game weekend in texas for the 21st bday.....oh yea	0							
1	"sharon, hi, you may be interested in this ----> jeff timmons on paul and matty show"	1							
1	another estella video you may not have seen	0							
1	i'm definitely going to that cypress game friday.	1							
1	"if there were a category for best drunk acting in the oscars, this 21st birthday girl might edge out mary elizabeth winstead. #magicmike"	0							
1	which dj on the star-lite line up is the host of bbc 1xtra's tuesday night ukg show  a) rampage....b) jamie duggan...c) cameo	0							
1	"the oscars nominations are going to be announced on a thursday, at 1.30 pm. i guess i'll have to be late for math class... :d"	0							
1	wifey & princess are going up to granda's for thanksgiving today. i go sunday. i think i'll watch goon!	1							
1	can't wait to see  at the house of blues september 18th! #stoked	1							
1	pakistan through to the semi-finals at india's expense and will be facing west indies on friday! #wt20	0							
1	boarded up and evacuated: ritz carlton at the battery  her with  for her 21st bday	0							
1	"8th caution, danica patrick and cassill got into it. danica's going to the garage, hit cassill then the wall. #hc400"	0							
1	"last licks for the #redsox, coming up in the top of the 9th. \volare\ by the gipsy kings means it's frieri time."	0							
1	2nd successive #wt20 winner against #pakistan in the semi-finals has lost the final	0							
1	tomorrow venus will transit the sun for the last time for the next 105 forecast - #weatherbomb #9571	0							
1	i just realized that thalia is going to be tortured tomorrow for an hour lmao	-1							
1	"i'm gonna just don it during school tomorrow. math in tok, history in math and bio, and spanish during lunch. yup that sounds about right."	1							
1	"guys the trayvon martin case doesn't start til june 10,twenty thirteen!!! #steep #graduation"	0							
1	"#grass/woods_fire - (lawrence county) bridgeport fire dispatched to the 6th curve into petrolia (trust me, if you..."	0							
1	'saturday kitchen' is on and it's sunday. mind = fucked.	-1							
1	stuffed pork chop dinner 5-8p sat night at eagles club in cedar rapids..1735 11th street nw. i'm guest bartending.i don't make fufu drinks!	0							
1	western force kicks off new super rugby season on the road - herald sun  #melbourne #news	0							
1	is paul george gonna take the t-mac step in his 3rd year? hope so	1							
1	uh oh..just turned on cardinals game...1st thing i see state farm commercial with kerry wood..not a good sign for #cardinals	-1							
1	shorty with the wolf pussy off friday after next on martin	0							
1	the big day is tomorrow! mau xterra world championships at the ritz carlton at 9:30am!	0							
1	what *i'd* like would be for you to do one of those cooking segments on saturday kitchen.  that looked marvellous.	1							
1	optajoe: 1 - norwich city have now become the 20th and final team of this premier league season to score a goal from...	0							
1	i'm excited to get my paul george jersey signed by you sunday at the fan jam!	1							
1	h&m delivery is so shit. i ordered things and paid extra for next day delivery on saturday and it still hasn't come	-1							
1	"thanks for the kind words dude :),see you in december and on soundwave."	1							
1	fm preview: west ham united v sunderland 22 sep 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as west...	0							
1	"was at barnet for edgar davids' debut on friday then fa cup yesterday. blog very nice, thanks. you had much feedback on the first?"	1							
1	i remember having to watch the daytona 500 for mr. hoak's class in 7th grade. #goodtimes	1							
1	psych and garage rock fans will love   &   at the echo on nov 6th! tix	1							
1	should i go to the flowing wells and marana game tomorrow?	0							
1	thinking about watching the afl rising stars game sat.  anyone know if they have posted the rosters yet? #azfl	0							
1	"oh great, weather warning for tayside and i'm going to dundee tomorrow.  hope i don't get stranded up there #help"	1							
1	omg journey 2: the mysterious island is on dvd monday! i love that film!	1							
1	"in the carling cup previously, arsenal played their 2nd string, but even then you could count on bendtner / vela to grab a few goals #nb52"	0							
1	spacious 4 bdr 2 bth home with upstairs bonus room. large 3rd acre lot on quiet cul-de-sac. upstairs bdr has room...	0							
1	it's almost 2 am in bkk but i can't sleep after the game. it isn't the 1st time we lost cuz of ref.	-1							
1	hey lou i got a good deal on a bunker i can sell you on nov 7th  #rightwingparanoia	1							
1	"still have no costume for saturday  - if dead rock stars is on, john belushi it is in juliet jake blues guise"	0							
1	"i may be going to see england vs aus at twickers, #oooosh"	0							
1	"huffingtonpost: tomorrow venus, jupiter, and the moon will align for a brilliant night show"	1							
1	anyone wanting roger sanchez tickets for v-club on the 19th of october get in touch i have coach and entry...	0							
1	love first friday of the month! is this your last arraignment day lou? newsworthy list to finish with if so!	1							
1	norwich city are gonna get destroyed today against villa this afternoon! c'mon you villaaaans!!	0							
1	i have a good feeling about saturday the money will be coming my way!    jacob	1							
1	"bring the whole family for a weekend of sun, fun & healthy living at florida ...: taking place at jungle island,..."	1							
1	i'm going to be so lost at cypress tomorrow	-1							
1	ahh okay :) well they are playing in aussie at soundwave fest on the 24th. what other bands do you like?	0							
1	the last two guys fighting for the immunity idol on survivor were jeff & carter & the 1st thing i think of was jeff carter from the la kings	0							
1	lil wayne gets intimate with nicki minaj's lips! caught red handed at the nba all-star game (exclusive photos/video)	0							
1	jarred cosart talks about pitching in afl's rising stars game...and coming to houston on friday	0							
1	1d have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor!  (via	1							
1	"the 2012 wine & roses fundraiser is tonight saturday, oct 27th! the pinery at black forest will be the setting of..."	0							
1	benefit at the rosedale firehouse for my trip to texas is on friday 4-7! $7 for hearty meal and dessert! there will be a silent auction also	0							
1	oneil's barber & beauty will be open monday @ 10am and not closing to the last person leave!  #wegrind	1							
1	it's this thursday night!  b95's 11th annual hold 'em for hope texas hold 'em poker tourney at the eagles club in...	0							
1	so if martin gets 15 in the first three quarters and none in the 4th when harden usually takes over he had the same impact?	0							
1	for a freebie on sunday the limelight night @ rich mix from 7pm showing free horror films - get on the guest list here:	0							
1	"bioshock infinite release date february 23. \would you kindly....\ just get here, already!"	0							
1	"plz,transfer money in tomorrow!!. because we want to success before sm town in bkk.we have a big project for minseok ^^"	0							
1	brrrr that was a shock this am! +2c windy so feels chilly but some sun :) we are colder than siberia so the tabs...	-1							
1	vronsky in the philippines? banana karenina banished o'trivia to siberia last monday night at red lion tavern!	0							
1	danica patrick let her temper get the best of her sunday and knocked herself out of nascar race	-1							
1	"#np ni**as in paris - jayz & kanye, cant wait to see the live in june #watchthethrone"	1							
1	ktorg 3rd year da start clinical years. half a year kt india lagi 2 tahun stgh kt melaka. what about u?	0							
1	"actors have the academy awards, recording artists have the grammys, and now..dj's have the gsa's!! - nominees announced tomorrow 10/9"	0							
1	"umm... they have these two players, you may never have heard of them, named sidney crosby and evgeni malkin?"	0							
1	"olive garden's dinner today & dinner tomorrow special, for the person who thinks \hey, that was terrible! wonder what it's like microwaved?\"	-1							
1	"hopefully going to go see romeo santos with catherine on december woot woot :d <3,<3"	1							
1	my friend bailey is going to allstar's show tomorrow.......	0							
1	watching \good deeds\ for the 1st time & i'm here all emotional & crap. smh	-1							
1	nov 10th lady urban(e) aka ace will be having mixtape release party at the medowlark...rt rt	0							
1	looking forward to inspiring the makeup artists of tomorrow with my red carpet workshop at  in liverpool as guest lecturer	1							
1	"i hate to say it but i think it'll go to penalties tomorrow. i just have that feeling, like i had before the carling cup final"	-1							
1	probably not going to be seeing much of the semi-finals tomorrow because i'm going shopping around lunchtime	-1							
1	ayyyyye!!! baby girl fresh will be at the house of blues in december! make sure yall come out and support!	1							
1	tomorrow will be the day that ian holloway is a hero. he will say no to palace and he will show \loyality\ and we will go on to beat derby!	0							
1	oneil says vaughn will be sold in january. his crime? passed the ball forward more than 3 times today!!!	0							
1	estella has become really dramatic all of a sudden. it's really cute now but i feel like at some point it may become a problem  #girls>boys	0							
1	derrick williams and the stiemer enter the agme for pek and klove late in 1st quarter with wolves leading 18-15	0							
1	did it look like john belushi? (you're probably too young for that joke.)	0							
1	"did you know that doug wead and jeremy richter, the short film \elektable\ out june 28, is going to be doing a..."	0							
1	wins the fourth set 25-21 to take the match 3-1! next match is sunday against georgetown at 2 p.m. at gampel.	0							
1	so ms.sea (however you spell her name) from berkmar left and now is sn ap at lanier and i skipped 4th period and stayed in her office (: lol	1							
1	ruby can't even take me to breakfast tomorrow :/ he dropped harold washington .	-1							
1	the 1st article pointed out to me for my fb page dedicated to the announcer at bethnal green - hoping the 1st of many!	1							
1	"about to begin our sojourn on \mysterious island\ for vbs. plane crash, storm, chased by pirates...and that's just 1st night. 3 times each"	0							
1	omg. some guy at cypress dressed up as the sun drop guy lols.	0							
1	"already voted early last friday for you in cypress, nw of houston. i definitely don't want cruz to win. we need a dem in senate!"	0							
1	"please put on your calender to come to the petrolia-vfd social hall in petrolia, pa this saturday night the raise..."	0							
1	rt:  its friday people!!! get that kermit the frog cycling feelin ;)  // and i've started holidays!! :))	1							
1	"quite excited for the pl fixtures tomorrow, i'd love a north london derby at whl!"	1							
1	just watched journey to the mysterious island and may i say i have noooooo idea how vanessa can not be jumping all over josh.... #justsayin	0							
1	pop quiz friday: which celebrity is the best player in oregon football history and went by the name bobby moore in eugene?	0							
1	"i watched good deeds again today with  thanks for coming through girl, was having a boring sunday before you came through.."	1							
1	"jacob has a teacher work day tomorrow, he asked to come to work with me \to make sure i get my work done\. really..."	0							
1	"3 yard td run get calhoun even with east at 7-7. 5:53, 1st q,"	0							
1	"the lionsxii will face atm fa on 5 october, in the first leg of semi-finals at jalan besar stadium!"	0							
1	"\for the 1st time since 1978 italy will travel to a major tournament without franco baresi, paolo maldini or cannavaro\ via"	0							
1	i just want it to be december and then soundwave	0							
1	(wbb) first media timeout #ssu trails #armstrong 39-45 in the 2nd half.	0							
1	getting very very excited for the birdcage tomorrow at derby!	1							
1	dang and then allstar game in houston the 17th	0							
1	taco| playground x deadline ~ this saturday: meet and greet with nipsey hussle and dom kennedy for the playgroun...	0							
1	maggie gyllenhaal arrives at the 22nd annual film independent spirit awards	0							
1	trina will be in n.o. friday....i stop supporting her the day i found out she was in thibodaux at the showcase lol	-1							
1	that concluded the #ncdebate. see thursday's nca for complete coverage.	0							
1	"in the very 1st episode of transformers, it looked like soundwave transformed into the cybertonian equivalent of a lamppost."	0							
1	enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes friday 8th	0							
1	just to inform everyone the pottsgrove vs. pottstown game has been postponed until tomorrow morning at 10 am	0							
1	"'on a sunny sunday afternoon, it could be quite magical.' - designer reveals plans for olympic park via"	0							
1	big home game tomorrow evening for the tcu baseball team as they take on texas a&m here at lupton field.  come on...	0							
1	ah theres robbie keane..bidding to be the 1st international footballer  to score 200 goals	0							
1	tomorrow: thoughts to wafer thin mints: saturday at the black dog  #yegmusic	0							
1	i may have enough to share...if i can get them by laurin haha she was pumped!	0							
1	good afternoon everyone it's monday afternoon and i'm live on the airwaves of amfm till 4pm. hello and welcome to amy lee in the afternoon.	1							
1	i hope y'all come 2 take ur loved one 2 the doctor day at liacouras center saturday. i gotta be there at 730am & need entertainment!!!	1							
1	"chillin tonight, gig with rampage tomorrow night, have a rokin weekend my tweet buddies."	0							
1	"i like what i've seen today in nns race! we have us a 2nd groove with side by side, sometimes 3 wide on front stretch, racing! #nascar #fb"	1							
1	a draw in the north london derby would be nice today. as the gap the yids have on us is not impossible to close down & we would remain 4th.	1							
1	sacha baron cohen in the lesbian? sbc 2 make film on man offering $65m 2 any man who could wed his gay daughter #jspace	0							
1	can we just haw class cancelled tomorrow? cause i really don't want to go to bca 101. i'd rather eat worms....	-1							
1	"i had planned to, but my school finals are on the same day as cheer finals (monday). so i'm going to nca!"	0							
1	"on 9/18/2007, john anthony zacchara arrived in port charles in the form of  !  everybody go wish him a happy 5th anniv on #gh!"	1							
1	"may be late to the ncs thing, i honestly haven't the foggiest where the central library is xd"	-1							
1	wku holding mtsu on first 2 downs for no gain...3rd and goal from the 5 now	0							
1	just tickets go on sale tomorrow via ticketek.	0							
1	fuck yes the girl scouts just came to my door. and i may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints....	1							
1	saturday night thoughts:    i was checking out the box scores from the american hockey league - this box score c...	0							
1	carlos marin on fb 16 september 2012 thanks you salzburg for such beautiful il divo concert yesterday xxx gracias...	1							
1	"luna is taking a break today, not perfecting any major aspects to any of the other 6 planets, until she will meet jupiter tomorrow morning"	-1							
1	so proud my alma mater is hosting the 1st debate this wednesday! debate 2012 | university of denver	1							
1	"mommy is leaving on sunday. didn't say shit. like i knew she was leavin, but she ain't say when."	-1							
1	"as much as i hate to say it...saurez, ronaldo, nani, pires   i could go on and on he may have a point bruv."	-1							
1	mommy told me to ask #gummybear if he want to come to the house saturday	0							
1	come spend halloween with us at volare! the robbie bartlett trio will be here for your enjoyment! wednesday is...	1							
1	listening to kim soo hyun's ost for moon-sun and thinking about how i'm gonna see his beautiful face on the big screen tomorrow :d	1							
1	"x factor, home made goodies, jacuzzi and sacha baron cohen. perfect saturday evening with"	1							
1	edgar davids (39) made a successful return after a 2-year absence by leading barnet to its 1st league win of the season: 4-0 vs northampton.	1							
1	im going up to berkmar tomorrow	0							
1	this time tomorrow and friday i will be on the flier at rupp. beyond excited and so thankful i get to experience this and it's all b/c o	1							
1	mark dekanich made 35 saves sunday as the st. john's icecaps defeated the connecticut whale 3-2 in the american hockey league.	0							
1	a little cak-alcoa primer before tonight's state farm rivalry thursday game....	0							
1	"ryan gosling and george clooney in the ides of march just... blow my mind. such a good film. i just, i just cant even..."	1							
1	please be reminded that all proceeds from the kickball tournament benefits the 5th annual \i know i can\ back-to-school drive aug 25.	1							
1	i'm tryna see the pacer play the raps tomorrow urg paul george is my nigga	1							
1	"although there was that one time he finished 3rd and cannavaro finished 1st. yes, fabio cannavaro. bullshit."	-1							
1	if jacob tweets one more time tonight i'm beating his ass in school tomorrow #dontbethatguy	-1							
1	band practice tonight! working on the #acoustic set for the #hospice benefit on sat for #patramsey. #talahasseeevents # tallahassee	0							
1	club remix next saturday night allstar will be in the building	0							
1	"september 17: pat crowley is 79. happy birthday! please don't eat the daisies, generations, dynasty, port charles, mont reve."	1							
1	mayhem!!   live in the mix tomorrow thursday night oct 25 at warehouse 29 in greensboro nc!!!! be there!	1							
1	\see what i just did\ sound s like you saw billy crystal in mr. saturday night. yes?	0							
1	ohh :d i just came back from melaka :d will go to sepang tomorrow -.-	1							
1	glam girls want to invited everyone to enjoy halloween with them tomorrow at the grenader on riverview and rosedale from 5-8pm	1							
1	"he cut kevin and jacob, did he tell u there's practice tomorrow"	0							
1	"#us wichita wild vs. omaha beef may 5th game preview: wichita, ks- the wichita wild of the i...  #news #usa #wichita"	0							
1	"just saw u with cannavaro, didn't know u were here in italy! congratz for being the 2nd best in the world!!! #legend"	1							
1	"this seem like a long time tryin to make us 4getrt  june 10 trial date set for george zimmerman, trial is said to last 3wks..."	0							
1	pacers had a very solid 4th quarter comeback victory. paul george played fantastic in the 1st quarter but disappeared after that	1							
1	goon is always a good idea! it will probably taste better than the $10 bottle of vodka i have for tomorrow...	1							
1	"google wallet is coming to metropcs, so now you won't need to sign a contract to have your identity stolen. more jokes:"	-1							
1	attn: hicksville tiger schulmann's finally has it's power back! classes will resume as normal tomorrow. we...	1							
1	"tomorrow fc toronto vs liverpool? are you go at stadium? today napoli won 3 a 2 vs bayern !! scored: pandev,cannavaro,insigne!"	0							
1	rick stein saturday kitchen quote fishing is by far the worlds most dangerous job haha #thinkaboutitnobhead	-1							
1	"mark martin by far the most unluckiest nascar driver of all time, 2nd 5 times in points & the heartbreaking 07 daytona 500."	-1							
1	are u gonna go to the romeo santos thing on the 5th?	0							
1	i may or may not buy you a halo 4 ost when i get my paycheck.	0							
1	it's laundry night at the turner house. we know how to spend our friday nights.	0							
1	i love that boy ! jacob just sat in the bck and was laughing	1							
1	"saturday morning goon, the kids dying to play puck"	0							
1	"his true penelope was flaubert, he fished by obstinate isles; observed the elegance of circe's hair rather than the mottoes on sun-dials"	0							
1	back to az? won't see you sunday then?	0							
1	spend saturday with keith richards singing some everly brothers.	0							
1	"i'm late but, i just watched \good deeds\ for the 1st time. awesome movie! cried thru most of it. turned 30 and got sensitive as hell."	1							
1	did danica tell you that there not stunting tomorrow ?	0							
1	"in greenville? dang boy! if you still in greenville tomorrow, you better stop by and see me!"	0							
1	sunday was the first cooler-than-normal day @ bdr in october. this morning was the coldest one of the season.	1							
1	klub ace!!! klub ace !!!!   this saturday!!!  $5  with ur college id til 11:30	0							
1	"evgeni malkin doesn't play again until the 16th. this nhl lockout sucks, i can't watch games that are being played in russia."	-1							
1	"photo: kirsten dunst on her way to the independent spirit awards, feburary 25th"	0							
1	"hahahhah,  yeah.  he'll burn the shyte ouuta you.  truust me. & jacob.  ima getchu tomorrow."	0							
1	"listed as star attraction for aust-china event today. rudd's office say he never committed, pr in charge says he cancelled friday."	-1							
1	i think the stroke of brilliance in casting may wind up being sacha baron cohen	1							
1	"watching old snl episodes from the 80s w/ chevy chase, john belushi, and dan ackroyd. billy joel is the musical guest. the best lazy sunday."	1							
1	us football down 7-3 at chardon tonight after 1st q	0							
1	"drogba(as reports suggest he is preferred to start), if cannavaro has anything close to the game he had on friday then he takes this."	0							
1	i had a feeling cassadee pope would be at house of blues today. too bad she couldn't do \remembering sunday\ with atl	-1							
1	so aston villa have a \must win\ game against norwich city tomorrow lunchtime.  must win - how the mighty have fallen.	-1							
1	will you be at cypress tomorrow night?	0							
1	omg! look like it's gonna be very hot in gampel on sunday... xd	1							
1	"okay tomorrow is hell day. can't wait to get in my car and drive home as fast as humanly possible. call me danica patrick, if you must"	-1							
1	"isis trial begins as metropcs welcomes google wallet: monday marked a busy day for mobile commerce in the u.s., ..."	0							
1	"mallshow with the #pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy, divine, deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza, april 30, 6pm! kitakits, taongbayan :)"	0							
1	first friday raleigh will be one of the last times to see luke m buchanan \we go back in place\ at rebus works....	0							
1	depends what vibe you want. post-abs def check out the monday room & volstead - they were favs of mine when i lived there	1							
1	this is last year when roger sanchez took over set nightclub... this saturday he invades space miami!	0							
1	"thanks to ek, car now smells delish!! if you bottled this, it'd be called saturday night dorm bathroom; its spokesman would be john belushi."	1							
1	did anyone see rachel khoo making oeufs en cocotte a few weekends ago on saturday kitchen? here's my take on it:...	0							
1	thanks!  join dean  on tues 10/16 from 4-5:30 in  bdr for the dean's q-tea in honor of nat'l coming out day #bsulife	1							
1	world bank praises electricity access improvements in malaysia  from previous 59th now it is 28th in position #bnbagus	1							
1	just sat in the living room with my boyfriends girlfriend and laurin watching twerk videos haha	0							
1	"bren-field mate, we where joint 2nd, they where bottom. they celebrated like they'd just won the carling cup!"	1							
1	this may be the happiest day of my life i'm so proud of my ncs football brother you did something i never had a chance to do	1							
1	"the wind bringing all of the leaves to our feet for tomorrow, the street viceroy artwork and track list to be unveiled. samo's red carpet."	0							
1	"da 1st chinese song ever that interests me ^ ^ -->  .. this is ost for drama in time with you,n the drama was good! :)"	1							
1	"light up a life w/b on sun, nov 18 at hospice of the valley in phoenix az  #pinterest #grief"	0							
1	"actually the only things that survive would be cockroaches, twinkees and keith richards. happy friday!"	1							
1	as port charles struggles to come to grips with jason's disappearance...a shocking return!  tomorrow's episode is can't miss!  watch #gh!	1							
1	"true. first is valid (i have 3). 2nd is misguided. more likely to have it taken & used against you, or used ala trayvon martin"	0							
1	come to the petrolia farmers market tomorrow to pick up the last of your long wknd food supplies!	0							
1	"don't forget, i'll be at volare tonight and tomorrow for my birthday. instead of gifts, please donate a food item..."	0							
1	"like a good neighbor state farm is there, with an alarm clock that'll actually wake me up tomorrow."	1							
1	"prediction: despite what has been reported, kaboul will make a miraculous recovery and will play in the north london derby on november 17th."	1							
1	"natalie's visitation is at 3-7 tomorrow at zeimer's east on hebron, the funeral is at 10 at holy rosary on saturday. msg me if you have ?s"	0							
1	"sept 27th | cherub, pell | ricks cafe | $5 advance tix | get at me before the date of show cause the price will go up."	0							0
1	"cosmo, sims 3, paul rudd and klonopin induced naps all day i'll get a job tomorrow or friday buy klonopin online>"	0							
1	-_- lmao it's thalia and no it was today. on friday we got gym better be there!	1							
1	attn: there will be a candlelight vigil held for mitch tonight at 8pm in huntington beach at main st. & 12th. (cont)	0							
1	looking fwd to watching it sometime soon in bkk. :-) have a super friday and weekend ahead! lotsa love :d	1							
1	so i'm just recalling that i met john belushi early sunday morning #haha	0							
1	my infant son is def keeping wife and up \up all night\ - a little sleepy today. the book \happiest baby on the block\ has been very helpful	1							
1	amanda thinks that because she's not \going to the oscars\ is a valid excuse for her not washing her hair since thursday.	-1							
1	could you wish a friend happy birthday? :) his name is laurin!  it's his 18th birthday and he's a big fan. thanks in advance!	1							
1	"road trip (sort of) with my boyfriend this monday from pottstown, pa, to hanover, pa, to chambersburg, pa, then ..."	0							
1	once upon a time rwanda said \neveragain\. world bank now says it's 2nd most imprvd nation 2 do business in \everagain\	0							
1	"looking forward to the judd apatow guest edited issue of vanity fair in january. expecting lots of lena dunham, paul rudd, leslie mann, etc."	1							
1	reminder noon tomorrow is the deadline to register teams for the kickball tournament at the $120 rate. price increases to $150 after friday	0							
1	would your company like to #sponsor the 3rd annual pnc bank #nonprofit academy awards?  see attached for details.	0							
1	the wichita wild still have a shot to make the play offs?  looking forward to saturday's game! bet some ww players get nfl contracts.	1							
1	"looks like indonesia will face the pats in the semis. warriors lead the singapore slingers, 77-67, with over 6 mins left in the 4th"	0							
1	catch me on sarah g live this sunday!! hehe ingat guys! goodnight! love you!! :****	1							
1	"tonight, obama was the buffalo sabres and mitt was the dallas stars. it may not seem right to..."	0							
1	it's not too late to join us at lipa 4:19 come along to our first session tomorrow to try it out. 9.30 am at the joseph wright centre in...	0							
1	so i'm gonna go see destructo on the 16th and probs pop some pills cause i slightly miss my raving days. #lightshow anyone?	0							
1	\ who all going to the berkmar game tomorrow?\ meeee	0							
1	special conference call tonight the 7th at 7:30 pst - 10:30 est featuring doug wead! doug is going to give us a...	0							
1	listening to ni**as in paris [explicit] by jay z and kanye happy 1st birthday to the throne	1							
1	"sorry about that. don't miss the one that's coming on friday though, trayvon's family are going to be there."	-1							
1	tell everyone that is wanting to do jags that we're starting pratices this sunday from 3-6 at the greenville gym.	0							
1	gunna be a 6hour journey to ncs trip next monday :( loool idc im gunna bring nuff chicken to eat on the coach!	0							
1	"i may need a co-owner but she has to be good in english, and to post a lot of lou, lux, tom, etc.. pics ! :)"	1							
1	watch out for jeff carter he may try to mount!	1							
1	"ah yes, sexy saturday in the turner house...."	1							
1	couldn't tell you the last time i threw a dart. mon rudd we'll even let you pay for the drink. #rotterdam	-1							
1	emmanuel adebayor has held heart-2-heart talks with tottenham manager andre villas-boas over his unhappiness at a lack of 1st-team football.	-1							
1	"il divo, the classical crossover quartet live in istanbul september 27.great music in a wonderful concert area."	1							
1	"alright going to bed, gotta long weekend. work friday and saturday then  and  sunday night in greensboro"	0							
1	"- people are saying it's one of the best shows they've ever seen!! \brothers grimm spectaculathon\ at east, saturday at 7pm!! be there."	1							
1	the donkey show opening tomorrow at the adrienne arsht center  get your tickets today	0							
1	"as some of you may know, we have a fish tank & this little guy is named jeff carter. sadly, i think he's dying"	-1							
1	"i never had a good time, i sat by my bedside. with papers and poetry about estella"	-1							
1	"waiting for my training season with dawgs tendy  ,may as well watch goon while i'm waiting"	0							
1	rsvp for the annual dinner closes this monday! be sure you register via the website asap :)	1							
1	star ships were made to flyyyy  #nowaynicki #congrats you passed 1st grade.	1							
1	"black actresses shine at the 19th annual elle magazine women in hollywood celebration octavia spencer, viola davis and"	1							
1	all i know is marana girls are bad as fuck and white if the ones at the party i went to with jaylon on saturday were marana tigers.	-1							
1	sellout-shmellout  attendance in 11-12 19th in league just above preds. small arena = small market.	0							
1	first i have to go to oscars with peter and turn down custard and now grandpa bill suggests ordering pizza sunday #deprived #cheeseplease	0							
1	"anne curtis and toni gonzaga, all set for the grand showdown of beauty and talent this sunday  (via"	0							
1	playing me some of the offspring in the car. i head may explode due to nostalgia if pretty fly for a white guy is performed at soundwave.	0							
1	like a good neighbor state farm is there...with a check for the damage to my truck...hopefully tomorrow!	1							
1	"i would pick jones to beat silva, but shogun made it to the 3rd round, rampage and vitor to the 4th and evans went the distance."	0							
1	"if volstead went against #braves on a monday, he'd give up 5 runs in first, then cubs make a furious rally late to win #twostreaks"	-1							
1	lmao......hope your enjoying the sun! love you so much :) #proudsoldier camilla parker bowles lol xxx	1							
1	just bought a steelseries siberia illuminated frost blue headset. hope it arrives on saturday so i have it this weekend... #geek	0							
1	"watching sat morning tv, i would love james martin to cook me breakfast, even though i'm from lancashire & he's a yorkie, i still would:-)!"	1							
1	mass with the bishop of the diocese of raleigh tomorrow. i feel like i need it.	0							
1	lol thats dedication :) mind you i have paid for bioshock infinite in june and thats not out till feb lol	1							
1	might fuk with greenville tomorrow night !!	-1							
1	george zimmerman will face court june 10th for the murder of trayvon martin.	0							
1	just watched \our idiot brother\ for the 1st time.. definitely a good movie. paul rudd is hilarious. better than adam sandler	1							
1	broncineers! remember that tomorrow we have the kickball tournament! games start at 5pm at the track and field...	0							
1	\ playground x deadline ~ this saturday: meet and greet with nipsey hussle and dom kennedy...	0							
1	nice to meet you! best wishes from guatemala! il divo will be here in concert for the 1st time ever on the 28th! i'm going! :d	1							
1	wolves finish la tour with lakers: kobe bryant made history in sunday's nba all-star game in time champion. the ...	1							
1	tomorrow i am off to petrolia to see \the waltons\ lol and over to london for evans side of family reunion.	1							
1	"goon is on tomorrow at 9, just sayin."	0							
1	"no videos tomorrow, except for one. and, honestly, it is the biggest thing to happen to the group since we moved to making lp videos."	1							
1	"yes!+ long kriya followup tomo oct 28th 7:30am - 9am @ tok, koramangala.  walk in for the weekly servicing of..."	0							
1	"steve martin, dan aykroyd, chevy chase, john belushi one of the best comedians in sat night live.."	1							
1	going to berkmar game friday ?	0							
1	"are you coming to our book swap on thursday night? you should, it is fucking ace:"	1							
1	now off for some hiking in the black forest ~ have a nice sunday! :)	1							
1	"our beautiful new firepit is complete, just in time for the friday night movie, journey 2 the mysterious island...."	0							
1	"lmao snottsdale, az = sluttiest place. i don't think gelndale should get 2nd, give it to the tempe giiiiirls."	0							
1	this thursday we have tickets to the special pre-screening event of \the donkey show\ adrienne arsht center for...	0							
1	"volleyball game next friday, us vs the staff.."	0							
1	fm preview: derby county v burnley 22 sep 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as derby co...	0							
1	i would be at berkmar football game on  the 31st .	0							
1	meg ryan: they don't make sunday underpants.  billy crystal: why? mr: because of god. bc: *blank stare* #whenharrymetsally	0							
1	"our new, delicious dishes may be alright:  (check with your doc first!) #ramenwins"	1							
1	day 3 of #ade so far so good!..... start things going this friday morning we have ferry corsten on the panel !	1							
1	irish sunsport tuesday: robbie keane rallies the troops ahead of vital faroes clash  #roi	0							
1	enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes friday 8th	0							
1	"i'm going to ferry corsten at sutra oc in costa mesa, ca - oct 28"	0							
1	"this saturday come hang out with buran theatre on cinco de mayo as we drink up, tell stories and prep destructo..."	0							
1	"it is an insanely good treat to be bringing destructo @ popscene thu, may 17. destructo, the mastermind of  hard..."	1							
1	"c'mon  you know the bca is a budget, and stronger than a resolution. it's a law. #ohsen"	0							
1	doug wead: owners of the msm are the \prince of the air\ ouch! feel the burn. too clever. =) #ronpaul	1							
1	fm preview: derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide...	0							
1	"i love texas a&m, but any team that drafts tannehill before the 7th round has lost their minds."	1							
1	regionals game at panther stadium tomorrow night! everyone go and support our panthers!! but you have to be loud! derby vs. north! #playoffs	1							
1	'really good day' as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on msn vsowxx7c	1							
1	"kevin bacon, paul rudd and 8 other stars to appear in friday the 13th or halloween movies  via"	0							
1	people talkin shit just wait i'll be in huntsville tomorrow !! let me see you !!	-1							
1	watching the trayvon episode i recorded. the martins are incredibly strong & i am so sorry for their loss may god bless them #rip tm	-1							
1	alesana and miss may i at the house of blues tonight? don't mind if i dooo.	0							
1	hip hop fans! #talibkweli - idle warship with #res this fri  @ adrienne arsht center for the performing arts	0							
1	rt:  all fans of toni gonzaga she there @ landaco plaza albay legazpi october 30 tonight 8pm	0							
1	"more headlining festival dates for rammstein, this time it's poland's impact festival that takes place on the 4th..."	0							
1	news of the day - oct 17 - michael clarke determined to see australia at...:  via	0							
1	omg i know jacob :( cry with me tomorrow ?	-1							
1	nba all-star game: ranking the 3 best performances from all-star weekend: the all-star game is an annual show pu...	0							
1	"we last saw each other when bob jones talked abou the glory train remember saturday,9.-19.-09 3 years,1 m and 2 days have passed"	0							
1	seth mcfarlane set to host the 85th academy awards in february. what do you think of that choice?	0							
1	this sunday is the p.e.r.c.h's family movie matinee! come out this sunday november 4th from 3-5 pm in lumina theatre to watch \the lorax\!	0							
1	come to the eagles club tonight for monday night football.	0							
1	congrats!!! to the philippine patriots for winning over singapore slingers last saturday... go patriots!!! :)	1							
1	i just saw 30 seconds of tp's \good deeds\. he's a 5th generation ivy league graduate? i mean there were a few but... #soextra	0							
1	being at rupp doing this walk through has me real hyped for tomorrow. get ready for the best #bbm yet	1							
1	is hosting #snl on nov 3. it will be epic. like if the ghosts of gilda radner&john belushi mated w/ bill murray & had a comedy baby	0							
1	good work tonight boys. wish i could have been out there. let's take bob jones monday and get some momentum for regionals. #ttums	1							
1	ricky ponting says he's in the best shap of his life and is ready to take on ... - herald sun	1							
1	off out for the afternoon to visit all our referring dentists in the bethnal green area. got a day off tomorrow so have a great weekend all.	1							
1	gasp!! you're going to the concert!!? hope to see you tomorrow at the big bang concert michelle!!!	1							
1	"the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend, and in all metropcs stores and online on monday the 22nd.-jg"	0							
1	support ceo keith bradshaw as he spends a night sleeping at adelaide oval on thursday raising money for the homeless	0							
1	cup games always tricky..may b stick a small acca for fun and enjoy the evening with a nice wine bottle :)	1							
1	hi to everyone at the university of denver publishing program! i'll try to throw in a couple extra book-related tweets tomorrow.	0							
1	you gonna be in tallahassee tomorrow?? need to know if i need to get tix to the show	0							
1	"tonight, obama was the buffalo sabres and mitt was the dallas stars. it may not seem right..."	-1							
1	"\well that's it, the very last one. that may stop you.\ - the lorax"	0							
1	i'm actually touring the new addition tomorrow between meetings. they do have wbb tonight & men's hockey tomorrow.	0							
1	"on this day: october 24 2001  arsenal beat real mallorca 3-1 to qualify for the 2nd round of the ucl  goals from pires, bergkamp & henry"	0							
1	tomorrow m.united vs chelsea do you believe mufc will win again? yes = like. no = comment  (tok)	0							
1	just like the final shot in the the shining. rembrandt may have painted john belushi.  #rembrandt #belushi	0							
1	echo: sex offender is warned he may face jail over offences  #dorset	-1							
1	id lost interest in bioshock infinite with delays etc. i think i may be drawn back in a bit:	-1							
1	pitch darn well sent. holidays can begin. rick stein's for dinner tomorrow night! see you in a week	1							
1	i'm pretty sure if someone said i can give you a cute boyfriend or free olive garden every saturday that i'd choose the garden #noshame	0							
1	"heavy cream were my oxen of the sun, jeffbro my circe, the patco line my eumaeus. now, at the appointed hour, i've returned to ithaca."	0							
1	"you can also catch me in room 2 at amplified sessions @ v club, bournemouth next friday, supporting roger sanchez in the main room!"	1							
1	is in the running to get a 2012  top-rated award and needs 10 new positive reviews by november 15th to win!...	1							
1	broadway bar to see allstar and bravo perform then aquarius. i'm stepping out the box and baring a lot of skin tonight. pics tomorrow.	0							
1	\ who wants to go to a a$ap rocky concert with me on the 14th or 15th ?!?!?\ you don't have a choice on who you taking we going!	0							
1	san miguel escapes with a 68-64 win over the singapore slingers. beermen now has a 15-4 record to remain in 1st #abl	0							
1	yo unnu memba #ambrozia this saturday at oneil's place enuh!!!!!! bear tingzz production it loud!!! u hav u ticket yet?!?!?	0							
1	i had such a great time tonight that i've decided to keep celebrating! join me at volare this wed and thurs! bring your food donation!	1							
1	"brian may confirms that sacha baron cohen will play freddie mercury in a film about the late, great queen singer:"	1							
1	turns out olive garden's dinner for tonight and tomorrow is more like dinner for tonight and later tonight.	1							
1	fantastic friday at nca! school was dismissed early due to preparation for our homecoming game tonight!	1							
1	april 1st i'm gonna see you guys in london o2 arena! can't wait! xx	1							
1	"to all junior and senior girls, volleyball try-out is tomorrow at lunch in the south gym! bring all you got!"	0							
1	bloemfontein celtic and orlando pirates will contest the last spot in the semi-finals when they meet on sunday 04...	0							
1	how is it the dirt poor kids in 3rd world countries manage to get money to go to a show but kids in the valley can't?	-1							
1	have had two very enjoyable nights of carling cup action with arsenal last night and cfc this. will qpr v reading on sunday live up to it..?	1							
1	i've read two very different article about christianity and horror films today.    #halloween #weird	0							
1	"my saturday just got better, brighter and bolder."	1							
1	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday...	0							
1	another #chelsea vs #manchesterunited today for the 4th round of the carling cup!! don't miss out	1							
1	aww! im just kidding with you! ;) and yeeessss! you don't have school tomorrow? thalia doesn't either!	1							
1	"alex, the female sideline commentator for sunday night football...sounds like kermit the frog. how did they let you on the air?"	0							
1	need some advice. how can i spin the wku loss now? after mtsu beat them in bowling green the microwavers may be right.	-1							
1	"amazing!! we may not have won the 2nd game, but it was hard fought & the sold out bca was rockin! #proudtobeatiger :)"	1							
1	exactly. back to super rugby ending at the end of may again - when the new deal is signed for 2016 onwards...	0							
1	was lovely to meet james martin on monday he used local produce and his lamb from skipton was devine #yorkshirehour	1							
1	departure of ship: sham port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 4:09am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approache...	0							
1	"come to book swap on thursday. all of twitter will be there. all the best ones, anyway."	1							
1	so bca doesn't have school tomorrow....not sure how i feel about that...	-1							
1	.  may just be the ultimate face melting summer rock band. can't wait to see them again at soundwave	1							
1	"sunday a new episode of the imperia beats is here... filled with amazing tunes & remixes by ferry corsten, dash..."	1							
1	"tonight, obama was the buffalo sabres and mitt was the dallas stars. it may not seem right to the sabres fans, but dallas still won."	0							
1	"this thursday, destructo, creator of holy ship, comes to ignition at firestone live! surrender your booty, it's..."	0							
1	made it to az in one piece... quite the quick drive. tomorrow grand canyon or sedona?	0							
1	i love you! #thatisall its me camilla parker bowles remember? lol see you monday i hope! *fingers crossed* xxxx	1							
1	star wishes all the #students at  a #stressfree time registering for classes. may sage be with you	1							
1	"right up the road october 10th slim thug and big k.r.i.t. will be at ricks cafe - starkville, ms"	0							
1	may i ask what's so cool about a$ap rocky?	1							
1	"liz is kinda dumb when it comes to men. dna swapping isn't even bad in port charles, it's just called tuesday. #gh"	-1							
1	"with the 1st pick in the classic movie lotto, mark bonnell selects: north by northwest #classicmovielotto..."	0							
1	good to hear. i'm racing saturday in new castle at blue diamond. then have a big ride day sun with one of our distributors.	1							
1	im meeting you again on monday :) hope you remember me camilla parker bowles lol im gettin a taxi again :/ love you so much xxxx	1							
1	brackett overthrows an open garner on 3rd down. lions will go for it on 4th down and 1.	0							
1	today in hockey history - october 12th: on this day the toronto marlies of the american hockey league (ahl) play t...	0							
1	well destructo is on there and he's not playing. but lineup and hours are released tomorrow.	0							
1	i want june after johnny cash's wife and harrison after george harrison from the beatles!	0							
1	gonna go to the north game tomorrow night. i better see some of you north kiddos	0							
1	especially nice to have rosedale  open in the neighborhood while ne branch at 7th & maryland is closed for renovations.	1							
1	follow  if you want to win tickets to tomorrow night's nns race	0							
1	"it does! and big time rush on saturday counts for a musical, right? haha"	0							
1	"happy 3rd monthsary #loverss! :) salamat sa pag support ky ate  :) all for deniesse, all for the love."	1							
1	ncs round 1: mv soccer @ calistoga. jags down 2-1; few minutes left in the 1st half.	0							
1	"cool, what you like about red hot shot tonight? i like dundeel tomorrow for the derby"	1							
1	yea. i'm going to be in raleigh tomorrow morning	0							
1	"barstool blackout ticket november 9th, in greensboro. hit me up if you want tht"	0							
1	pretty sure he's a smarty pants lawyer and not at all new to christianity or christmas for that matter. it's the 25th. #dumbass	-1							
1	the lorax is one of the stupidest animated movies i've ever sat through. i wasted a nap for this?	-1							
1	french president hollande to meet with world bank: french president francois hollande holds talks on monday with...	0							
1	"just watched the lorax for, like, the 3rd time! made me laugh, smile, frown and inspired me a lot :d"	1							
1	george clooney is (distantly) related to abraham lincoln:  finds a connection between the movie star and our 16th ...	0							
1	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in brisbane on monday...	0							
1	tomorrow night roger sanchez at cielo get on the guest list here;    vip rsvp...	0							
1	'really good day' as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on... wlmxrhfu	1							
1	wishin my first stop was port charles!!!   only thru the dvr \portal\!! happy friday!	1							
1	get your ticket for a detroit red wings bus trip on march 22nd against the dallas stars.	0							
1	happy #monday! start your week off right with a #deltaview on the world bank's lowered growth forecast for #china:	1							
1	"mosconi cup from monday 10th to thursday 13th december at the york hall, bethnal green, london"	0							
1	"ok.. going down to melaka tomorrow morning, with two others.. visiting fren in icu. :("	-1							
1	due to accidents/traffic my sat-nav took me through the blackhall tunnel instead of dartfordgot a nice drive past the olympic park though!	0							
1	"the 25th of february, the colonists returned to granite house, and by means of the double cord, shot by an arrow to the door-landing, commu"	0							
1	#justsayin #music jason vernau live @ set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some swe...	0							
1	interview with devon alexander \speed kills\ (video)  on tuesday oct 16th we had the privilege of catch up with...	0							
1	"tweeting, beats me to the punch. i'm sure he aims to beat everybody else tomorrow night in nns race #nascar"	0							
1	"#gotohell tour starts tomorrow! show starts at 615 at the side bar in tallahassee. go radio, paradise fears, stages, and solid gold thunder!"	0							
1	so into this movie \good deeds\ i may be in love with tyler perry....'s talent.	1							
1	just scheduled it today for this saturday! quite possibly a day trip with no overnight stay in beautiful covina.	0							
1	"i would just like to say i will not be singing tomorrow, i barely have a voice.. you and trina are on your own :p"	-1							
1	nothing says 'fuck you' to super rugby than when ep kings get relegated tomorrow. i'm waiting	-1							
1	looking forward to seeing all our potential 4:19 participants next saturday for our free taster at the joseph wright center.	1							
1	"taking a nap, by 6 or 7 pm i'm going to abs-cbn.  5am flight tomorrow, #hasslepare!"	0							
1	"hybrid icing will be used in the american hockey league until november 19, '12. the bog will then decide if it needs to continue. #okcbarons"	0							
1	still lying around in bed not fixing my things for bootcamp tomorrow! (attn  will you be there tomorrow?)	0							
1	bro you going to that event at gampel on friday?	0							
1	did u see?il divo's coming to romania (bucharest) this sunday!if i'd only known 2-3 months earlier!!do u like 'em?r u going?	0							
1	"indie band music festival this coming sat and sun, olympic park. listen to music  in the heart of urban nature"	0							
1	#np lay up ft     can't wait to actually buy the album when it comes out & the #mmg concert on nov 3rd at rupp.	1							
1	"holy shit, you really replied! so my birthday is coming up december 31st. any chance the wu will be around greensboro nc then?"	1							
1	"whitecaps vs the mighty robbie keane and la galaxy this thursday, 7:30. fuck training, hitting up"	-1							
1	"i'll stop the retweets. great screening. big audience at l sq. next showing rich mix, our spiritual home. awards on sat. curzon mayfair sun."	1							
1	big time rush may be considered to be just a show or a kiddie band but no one can say that they don't have talent or care about their fans!	-1							
1	i'm taking the sat at bob jones. lol i feel cool.	1							
1	of course pottstown has to be ass backwards & have off school on the 15th instead of tomorrow !	0							
1	happy 4th monthsary slaniesse!! ;) wishing you guys more more months and years together. stay strong for slater and deniesse! ;)	1							
1	this sunday join us for \living in the valley.\	0							
1	i am gonna meryl streep the fuck out of this tomorrow	0							
1	taking a break from golden sun 2! got done with jupiter lighthouse & getting the wings on the boat! gonna maple again!!!! :p	0							
1	fall classic at blue diamond that's about it for now for early nov.	0							
1	"tannehill may join quinn and rodgers, slide out of top 20: texas a&m's ryan tannehill will be the third quarterb..."	0							
1	attn: wrestlers- still time to join this sunday's seminar/tryout. here's the info:	0							
1	good luck in the nns race tomorrow! i'll be cheering you on as always!! :)	1							
1	"after tonight, ain't no way i'm not going to olive garden tomorrow.  #nastyassmeal"	-1							
1	"hope you are fit for sunday, 3pts against arsenal, better than watching the carling cup final"	1							
1	wku stops mtsu in the backfield on 3rd and goal from the 1 yard line. 4th down now...and mtsu will attempt the fg	0							
1	"you may feel you're alone, but i'm here still with you. you can do what you dream just remember to listen to the rain ~by: amy lee"	0							
1	congrats to team spleaders for winning the kickball tournament that was held october 6th!	1							
1	watching the kids movie journey 2 mysterious island for the 4th time in 24 hrs. i can now recite dialogs from this movie in my sleep!	0							
1	good morning tressa! hope that you have a fabulous friday!	1							
1	ha no problem was going to mention edgar davids but i won't now. where are you sat at the game?	0							
1	"the sun is shining in cornwall today, perfect for a walk in padstow & grabbing rick stein's fish & chips on the way -"	1							
1	"1st journey to the center of the earth, 2nd journey to the mysterious island, and the 3rd??? journey from the earth to the moon :))"	0							
1	well...i wanted to go to the black forest tomorrow and take pics of the leaves. now i'll have to take pics of the snow. #thanksweather	-1							
1	anyone going to siberia for the hod show on saturday?	0							
1	"pogues celebrate their 30th anniversary tour with a one-off uk live date at london o2 arena, thursday 20 december 2012"	1							
1	"hello marie, are you stay in bkk?. may god bless you:-)"	1							
1	"doug wead we are not out, we are up! the fight has just begun!  vote ron paul tomorrow tuesday 5/15 in #or & #ne #peace"	1							
1	martin must be dreading it. it's make or break for him tomorrow. it's the nature of the beast	-1							
1	paul george with a silky smooth 1st q #pacernation	0							
1	"i like to think that somewhere in the mid-atlantic, george clooney's looking at the skies and muttering that this may be the perfect storm.."	0							
1	for april to try to make me come to richwood <<	0							
1	#ceosleepout i've made my cardboard shelter in the member's section of adelaide oval. 1st time i've ever been here!	0							
1	"wish i could sleep , & wake up nd it be sunday .. i'm ready too get out of greensboro!!"	0							
1	american hockey league continues to shut down the root cause of a word money: october 1 sports news continued to...	0							
1	ok so the votes for allstar coach are coming in tomorrow.send good energy.i really want this silly super important thing.	1							
1	"india is the 132nd country out of 185 countries in the world to do business easily, by world bank! singapore is the 1st and 4th is usa!"	0							
1	last sunday night for the haunted castle and black forest is tonight! come on out!	0							
1	ahhh! my mom said yes for me to go the a$ap rocky concert!! nov 8th we out! #excited	1							
1	"even our power point in tok didn't want to do anything today, so it changed the language. #friday #tokadventures"	-1							
1	jungle island makes good on $2 million payment: jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami ci...	0							
1	wait what's suppose to be going on tomorrow at cypress?	0							
1	you could also try allium moly which may have or may not have been what odysseus used to counter circe's magic.	0							
1	"this is buffon's 122nd cap for italy, now just 4 behind maldini in 2nd and 14 behind the leader, cannavaro. #legend"	0							
1	apaz there's a college party on friday at the joseph wright building and it's open until 3 in the morning xxx	0							
1	had a great conversation the other day with zach from bridgestone arena about the preds game on the 25th see ya there	1							
1	i may be a little more excited about this than soundwave.....	1							
1	strange sunday graham richardson defending gillard. stating the pm did not plot against rudd (as he says \& i should know\) #auspol	-1							
1	trying to figure how long the walk from az to la is..gotta see  perform nov 7th.. the bf says if i walk there he'd pick me up (;	0							
1	my mom call and say that a teacher called and said that i'm going to ritz carlton tomorrow for some tennis shit. anyone else going? (school)	0							
1	"as confirmed on tonight's episode of monday night raw, cm punk and wwe legend mick foley will both captain teams heading"	0							
1	"reviews hit tomorrow, will be writing up my initial impressions then. my general tip for big android tabs: no, just no"	-1							
1	oscars well makes his debut over fences at punchestown tomorrow. it looks as though he'll have plan a and darwins fox to overcome.	0							
1	anyone going to volleyball game tomorrow?	0							
1	"tim roth will be playing in a movie with jean dujardin. i .. can't .. ok, i may pass out now."	-1							
1	state farm agent scott keller placed 53rd today of all 1st year agents in the us! a pool of some 1500 agents. #top100	0							
1	friday oct 19th!!!! the alumni will be rocking philly!!!!! free show  @ the liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop!	1							
1	"just showered, hittin up the harold washington library today for the entire day. there goes sunday night football."	0							
1	"bowling tonight, softball tomorrow, moving saturday!!!  whoop whoop!"	1							
1	bowling doubles tomorrow. hope everything will be good tomorrow. let the luck be with us. #sukipt2012	1							
1	trey songz will be here december 7 at the fox theatre	0							
1	good luck to the #dunfermlinewolves players that have their fife and tayside trials tomorrow. show them what you can do #itsyourtime	1							
1	"\twinkle toes d\ really, laurin? that's why you're just my 2nd favorite lolo jones."	0							
1	fashion against aids h&m released tomorrow online..i want that aztec print jacket..so not me but so colourful!	1							
1	eight bookings for west ham? eight! that whirring sound you hear may be the late bobby moore etc etc...	0							
1	"on sunday watch sarah g live, one of myrtle`s dream will come true - together with melai,   will have a song number with sarah g."	0							
1	"hear keynote speaker doug wead this saturday, june 16th at e2 the event. don't miss it!"	1							
1	will miss ya on the red carpet tomorrow!! #nashville	1							
1	"doug wead interviewed live tonight, wed, 10pm edt  we have link and other video please retweet #ronpaul #ronpaul2012"	0							
1	the hottest open mic is teaming up with the hottest organization in tallahassee. you don't want to be left out. join us next friday 10pm!!	1							
1	not sure what surprises me more about the 1st season of roseanne; the fact that george clooney had a recurring role or his hair.	0							
1	here's a great bioshock infinite trailer for those of you that need a tease while waiting for it's february...	1							
1	"world bank's \africa can help feed africa\ report, 1 reason the \borderless 2013\ is so important: finding solutions."	0							
1	"rest day for me. lazy sunday. looking at the weather here in melaka, i should just stay indoors. hehehe :)"	1							
1	going to 2nd annual kick-out hate kickball tournament on the soccer field right now!	0							
1	"you know what? goon may be a low brow comedy, but it was fun as hell. go netflix it."	1							
1	taylor allderdice might just be wiz 2nd best mixtape	1							
1	"hey emile, do you have plans to lp any more 3rd party nintendo console titles, such as fragile dreams, last story, or klonoa?"	0							
1	"nascar daytona 500 new journal complete feb 19, 1978 newspaper from the daytona 500 race  #ebay"	0							
1	#skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free b4 9:30pm hosted by #saab its always fun when you rolling!!! haha x2	1							
1	"loveiseunhaehyuk: oct 28, 2012 eunhae @ icn to nanjing ~geez were they glued at the hip the whole time (-_-?)"	1							
1	"ah, you're a bee charmer you! :) touch wood should make it to lp next friday work depending :) x x"	0							
1	"pires\for cesc it is difficult because at arsenal he knew he was going to play every saturday, was the captain of the team and a crack.''"	0							
1	"november super tour: nov 10-11: rockwell ten; nov 9, 16, 23: abs-cbn friday market. meet super tuyo and friends! see you! :-)"	1							
1	hopefully this game in chardon tomorrow we come out with a win! #tigers	1							
1	"original planned release date for blue diamond x: oct 6. instead, nike drops two new bron styles on the same day as the rose 3 launch..."	0							
1	"the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend and in all metropcs stores & online on monday the 22nd. thx,jg"	0							
1	haha the bucs c'mon the t wolves are way better than them love rubio ak 47 derrick williams b roy !! shved is good 2	1							
1	the late-october best picture oscars predictions you've been waiting for:      coverage of the oscars has reache...	0							
1	my mom watching the trayvon martin trial ... smh some may say its fucked up but i just don't care	-1							
1	"#qsteaser oops, forgot emmanuel adebayor! as for the 7th, bit naughty, was it yakubu? his surname is technically ayegbeini..."	-1							
1	"my feeling about fears is, if you voice your fears, they may come true. i'm superstitious enough to believe that. - meryl streep"	1							
1	highlight of my day was buying my ticket to see ferry corsten and markus schulz  november 10th #trancefamily	1							
1	"amy lee  now go get some rest, tomorrow's gonna be a big day ;)"	1							
1	ron paul snr advisor doug wead interview with frost &#8211; mar 31 2012	0							
1	"what a comeback by the airasia ph patriots. down 15 late in 2nd & 9 after 3, the pats won 90-84 over the singapore slingers"	1							
1	we're going to have to go see magic mike before the jeff timmons thing next friday!!	0							
1	"even though there is rampage tonight, a gig tomorrow the best thing about my weekend will be seeing  #loveyou"	1							
1	moving to covina in december things are looking up rite about now!:)	1							
1	26th birthday at garner. i have her a face full of chocolate for her birthday. she gave it	0							
1	"and now i do see it's up. i'll blame it on a case of the mondays. creighton picked to win wbb, siu picked to finish 8th ahead of drake, ue"	-1							
1	come see my brother tonight at the roxy! \ an events page found on google for my show tomorrow!	0							
1	watching saturday kitchen and for some reason it's annoying me that rachel khoo looks slightly off camera when cooking	-1							
1	because i went to my 1st match when i was 4? my last match was the carling cup final. #ddliverpool	0							
1	"remember i'm not in tomorrow morning! and laurin's got the court thing tomorrow all day, i should be back for about 10.30x"	0							
1	goin to the east playoff game tomorrow.:)	1							
1	wild rush for their 4th td of the night. the wichita wild have pushed their lead to 59-35 over the allen wranglers...	0							
1	delicious warm sun...great to see you (if only briefly) after hurricane sandy whipped through here a couple hours ago.	1							
1	just bought my ticket to go m watch the romeo santos concert in theater. nov 5 needs to hurry up!! i'm so excited	1							
1	"nfu unchanged for the 4th successive game tonight:  nicklin, gardner, peat, king, anderson, hunter, bolder, muldoon, bradshaw & williams"	0							
1	michael clarke looked reasonabley comfortable against the gordon cc 1st grade attack today.. #player #cheersforthenetboys	1							
1	spoke to phil jagielka earlier. he discussed the \long ball\ issue very sensibly. interview will be in tomorrow's echo. #efc	0							
1	seriously! itunes puts like an entire minute as a preview so 20 seconds is nothing. and i know! it needs to be monday asap!	0							
1	"good looks homie, im goin to pretty lights tomorrow night so lets burn it down asap after that."	1							
1	did i read the barons schedule right when it said we play the dallas stars at home on sunday?	0							
1	"alright run it mek we done it!!! ambozia july 7 @ oneil's place (bar,karaoke & lounge) maddd rasss"	1							
1	mommy says she can print it small & put it right on october 31.  how is lily doing?	0							
1	can't wait for skyfall 1st of nov! is listening to the ost on spotify considered a spoiler? i =p #fb	1							
1	every saturday night at the roxy... lol	0							
1	ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury.	0							
1	"i'm feeling a bit of derrick williams tomorrow, is he available to play?"	0							
1	"i'm in petrolia. the sun's out, isn't that bright enough for you? :p"	1							
1	"huum if you're hungry, come to tunisia we have delicious food here! huum nialler always eat :o c'mon!"	1							
1	"world bank earmarks $245 million for myanmar, outlines 18-month work plan: the world bank said on thursday it ha..."	0							
1	norwich city are the 6th team into the capital one cup quarter finals	0							
1	"=) \ i get lovestruck with deniesse and slater. swear. they look cute. plus i can relate to deniesse pacute to her crush, slater\"	1							
1	"sbs k-pop super concert on nov 10th in the united states, with snsd, 2ne1, t-ara, beast, cnblue, kara, sistar cr tiarafact"	0							
1	aussie directioners. do you want to win a prize of a lifetime? then listen to  on monday at 7pm.	0							
1	so glad i walked past the girl scout table today. it's a much better saturday knowing i'm one box of thin mints richer.	1							
1	giving blood tomorrow >>>> going to tok	0							
1	attn #nyc folks: guardian has a truck with generators at union square/14th street offering free device recharging fri 11-8pm. pass it along	0							
1	ok i will remind you of this convo in march when brook beats devon alexander for a world title. and khan still has glass chin	0							
1	watching cannavaro on the 2nd even more embarrassing.	-1							
1	for the 2nd weekend in a row norwich city get a lucky break. still wouldn't be surprised if villa win but norwich got to get something now	1							
1	everyone show up again tomorrow that chardon game was too much fun to not do it again!! #beavercentral #pride	1							
1	"michaela at 8:23 pm on a friday, \can we just watch a movie with paul rudd in it.\"	0							
1	tonight was just a preview of what bob jones will do to austin at tomorrow's vball game. vbc. noon. #bethere #bjp	0							
1	"(vhl) american hockey league] mon apr 23 2012 10pm: devils 3 at americans 4: i dont know if the game stats are ...	0	1	11101011110100, 111111001000, 1111010010, 1110100, 1111111000, 111010111100, 111101011101, 11100110110, 00111100, 1111110010111, 1111111010110, 1111001101010, 111111101101, 111001101110, 10111100, 0000, 1110101111100, 1111011010, 111111000100"""	0							
1	are you going to petrolia's game tomorrow ? i still havent got to see you or the baby!	-1							
1	the stones on a thursday morning make adie happy. keith richards' stash would make me happier.	1							
1	can not fucking wait for tomorrow night. house of blues will never be the same after   and  #staymetal	-1							
1	"and, indeed, on the 10th of december, a week after his return to granite house, the unknown accosted the engineer and in a quiet humble voi"	0							
1	the media filing center at the university of denver empty now will be bustling tomorrow.  #utpol #denverdebate	0							
1	reading the book again (at circe now) intending to finish on 16th. radio 4 has programmes all day so i'll be listening to most!	1							
1	"info] tomorrow exo m will be going to nanjing (via: sotea123)	0	1	11101011110100, 011110001100, 1110100, 11100110010, 111010111100, 1010, 11100110101, 0101110, 0111111000, 1110010111111, 11100011100, 001110111, 1110101111100, 111100110111110, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	il divo - 24 september 2012 il divo have just confirmed two more dates: october 14 in buenos aires and october 28...	0							
1	"berkmar vs. central on the 21st! even though i go to central, i'll still sit on berkmar's side."	0							
1	mayoroflondon: join in tomorrow at the exciting london children's book swap events for families who love to read #ld...	1							
1	it is predicted that the winter classic and the all-star game will be cancelled this upcoming monday .. fuck !!! #endthelockout	-1							
1	"playoffs are finally set. chardon plays warren howland in the 1st round. if we win, we play the winner of kenston v. tallmadge."	0							
1	"under pressure release, eurovision, victory album realease, 1st european tour, eurosong waterline, your fav pic with them"	0							
1	that would kill me...i'm going to go live in siberia so i don't get hives every time the sun comes out..	-1							
1	"former #mizzou rhp kyle gibson (#twins) will start in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat, 7pm on mlb tv."	0							
1	join us at the donkey show at adrienne arsht center for the performing arts this friday! save $5 off tickets to...	0							
1	#motochat a1. live in ne scotland ...winter riding would require hand full of nails thru the tyres. no ride season nov-mar ;0(	-1							
1	"they launched the day of the carling cup final, did you not see the dont buy the sun posters? #dontbuythesunanyday #jft96"	0							
1	so exo-m is going to nanjing tomorrow okay can	1							
1	departure of ship: al dhafrah port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 3:09am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app...	0							
1	thanks to those who came down today!! thanks for the love tonight!! bkk bound now!! see ya party people next wednesday!! #tgiw <3 ghetto :)	1							
1	the tour dates got updated! fox theatre on the 24th or the 26th? i don't want to fuck this up.	-1							
1	nba predictions: champs - mia runner up - lal  mvp - lebron  6th man - ginobli  rookie of the year - davis most improved - paul george	1							
1	big congrats goes out to tampa bay damage for 2nd place at cup and 2nd place overall in the paintball sports...	1							
1	"and the 2013 nba all-star game will be played on february 17 at toyota center in houston, texas. need i say more..."	0							
1	hi matey appreciate you passing on my biz cards around work ! we have enough food until friday in the turner house  !	1							
1	waiting for a phone call off the head of joseph wright.  but i might have to go back to benedicts tomorrow! :( #godhelpme	-1							
1	brand? i'm waiting for a ticketek voucher to come through. if it's not here by tuesday though i'll just pay full price.	0							
1	heading to the  show tomorrow morning with mommy. lets hope we get front row #tvtime	1							
1	toni gonzaga will be in legazpi on october 30. huhuhuhu. i wanna cry i want to come but how? i dont have money. waaaah	-1							
1	#trayvon my daily tweet (10/05) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 223 days ago. ~may you rest in peace~ (thoughts of love to family)	-1							
1	"watch out for  together with divine, deniesse and the big4 at the pacific mall legazpi landco plaza on april 30, 6pm."	0							
1	they made a sky zone here in covina across the street from the amc. i'm definitely going sunday!(: who's down?	1							
1	"confirmation that the army v navy at twickers is 27 april 2012, weekend off again !! #piginpoo"	0							
1	emme's 10th birthday cake :) with big time rush!  via	1							
1	reminder- we hope to see you tomorrow night at volstead! details on our fb page at	1							
1	"on a saturday, in zimmerman, i watched it begin again"	0							
1	"on october 19th, the new judge in the george zimmerman trial, ruled that trayvon social media interactions would..."	0							
1	"also,spread the word about our fundraising begin september 17 to raise funds for a 30 second commercial during the 2013 nba all-star game."	0							
1	want to see the all-star game tomorrow #suffolk	1							
1	"i just got excited because i found out that amy lee's birthday is the 13th of decemember. guys, that is a day before my birthday! so close!!"	1							
1	"just a heads up, lp #9 may take some time before i can start recording. a lot of work is going to go into this next project."	0							
1	\ i'm thinking i wear a singlets tomorrow for sports day!\ haha. oh how i miss marana spirit days!:(	0							
1	"if you thought the one direction toothpaste was odd, try the rammstein dildo."	0							
1	let's get the goodwin family to rupp for the 1st home game & make landen the \y\! #riplane	0							
1	save the date: the world bank's new doing business report will be out october 23	0							
1	romeo santos gonna have something in the theatres november 5 ..	0							
1	out tomorrow the players! with jean dujardin and gilles lelouche taking on the theme of infidelity	0							
1	"i'd have gladly chummed you, but i'm bikeless in tayside this weekend. free tuesday and flexible wednesday."	1							
1	heading to zimmerman on the 9th grade football bus... #different	0							
1	billy crystal attends the special 25th anniversary screening of 'the princess bride' at the new york festival	0							
1	k..... you off to ncs tomorrow or monday?	0							
1	"i'm blessed to have you on board! thanks again. the film will be screening at rich mix in december, i'll send you deets soon x"	1							
1	we had great set of talks & tour of the new lock & water recycling plant yesterday at olympic park. the sun even came out!	1							
1	the clown has broken the record and become the 1st film to win 12 brazilian academy awards yesterday.	0							
1	i'm tired but i'm not... i may watch the end of zombieland just because tallahassee is my spirit animal adkahsk;	0							
1	"just unloaded jimando at flemington, fighting fit and ready for the derby tomorrow! #bringiton"	1							
1	clever! || australian captain michael clarke teams up with louis vuitton in special cricket trunk design | herald sun:	1							
1	which one are you there for ?  myself and some friends will be at the sa game going to twickers town for drinks 1st?	0							
1	"going to watch goon for the 4th time, cry, then go to sleep. #nhllockout"	-1							
1	i got a call from bcc saying the college is open but christian texted my dad saying bca doesnt have school tomorrow	0							
1	back in norwich city centre on a wednesday night i am hoping the 'grunge' look is in honour of halloween and not 'back'! #noplacelikehome	0							
1	vote for ut for college game day visiting. we are 10th and texas a&m is #1. get on it	1							
1	that year is to be unspoken of. remember those rubber bracelets too? i may or may not have a dog tag with cannavaro on it....	0							
1	thanks rachel. will give it a try! loving the book & the saturday kitchen repeats... #littlepariskitchen #lyon	1							
1	i'm going to try to bring the  to volstead on sat.  what you guys doing tomorrow?	0							
1	klub ace!!! klub ace !!!  this saturday!!!  $5  with ur college id til 11:30	0							
1	"hermione, sun drop girl, and danica patrick. there's something ya don't see every day!"	1							
1	monday already. that's ok - at volare restaurant chicago we have the perfect meal waiting for you today.   we...	1							
1	"oct 2nd, 1976 - john belushi performed with joe cocker on \saturday night live.\"	0							
1	"derby may no longer negotiate with police, firefighter unions: derby is considering a move that would end negoti..."	0							
1	thank you \happiest baby on the block\. i may sleep a couple hours tonight due to your teaching!	1							
1	tok tomorrow is going to be heated over obamacare .	0							
1	lmbo! o yea? ayye you know they taking us to harold washington tomorrow for that college stuff	0							
1	watch the 2012 independent spirit awards this saturday and chat live with  and	0							
1	i think i'm gonna head to ulta tomorrow and see if they carry the red carpet manicure gel polishes in stores. i want black gel polish asap	0							
1	rudd rains on abbott's parade: kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard's party but yesterday he gate-cra...	-1							
1	"#cloud cloud computing and big data strategy - in this ceo power panel at the 10th international cloud expo, modera ..."	0							
1	jungle island says it will be open as usual on monday. to see what's open & what's closed click on this link #isaacon6	0							
1	voted jean dujardin is my favorite for best actor in a film in #comedyawards. watch it on  may 6 at 9/8c.	1							
1	"may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners, #hot30sgo1denticket"	1							
1	ponting may make history fir australian cricket: <p>&nbsp;</p><p>ricky ponting could break steve waugh&nbsp;s re...	1							
1	enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes friday 8th  .	0							
1	oct 17 it will be mostly dead but mostly dead is still a little bit alive!! (billy crystal the princess bride)	0							
1	"having a long overdue cd upload session. by tomorrow my ipod will be blessed with pil, george harrison and disco inferno :)"	1							
1	"drew doughty, jeff carter to receive heroes welcome thursday: london's streak as the city of champions will continue..."	0							
1	i got 2 classes then im off going back to greensboro. im heading to ny tomorrow	0							
1	thank you abs-cbn and bcwmh for the fantastic episode today. tomorrow again. i can't wait to...	1							
1	dj and live elvis show saturday october 13 west wyoming eagles club 8pm until 11pm. this is a free show and open to the public	0							
1	iago falque's chance and poor old harry kane: tottenham hotspur face norwich city tomorrow night in the capital ...	0							
1	heading back to greenville on monday! ugh why cant trainings be in columbia?! im tired of going to freakn greenville!!	-1							
1	see you in tallahassee on friday! :)	0							
1	"majority of customers in the following areas should be restored by sunday night: burton, chardon, conneaut, eastlake, mayfield hts, mentor"	0							
1	watching the brilliant rick stein making paella on saturday kitchen live....	0							
1	are you back at volstead this saturday?  or still out of town killin it?	0							
1	"we're on the road to wembleyyyyyyy. may as well start organising the trip ay. kings of england, norwich city."	0							
1	i see scorsese may be teaming up with the artist's oscar winning star jean dujardin...	0							
1	"awww saturday? how was it??  you dont even came to my side much in bkk con, i was so upset abt that"	-1							
1	"oh gosh, we're playing taylor allderdice tomorrow. scouting report says they just got a new left mid who goes by the name of wiz khalifa"	0							
1	come out to the  rising stars game being held here at 5:10pm this saturday! see prospects from all 30  teams! #afl12	0							
1	mtsu takes a timeout. stops the play clock at :48. they are facing a 3rd down and 9. if they convert its over. if not there is a slim chance	0							
1	jr. preds won 2nd game against the columbus flames 8-0.  go preds!	0							
1	last halloween was spent studying. this one will be spent studying. had a test the monday after the super bowl and daytona 500. #communists	0							
1	pekovic and love are a solid front line. if derrick williams plays like a 2nd pick i think you have a playoffs team.	0							
1	so glad i watched a good paul rudd movie instead! (i might have sat through this mess if paul rudd was in it and her love interest)	1							
1	i'm so pist that i might not be able to go to the volleyball game tomorrow	-1							
1	"next sunday, the 15th, were having our 2nd comic book swap meet at the apothecarium! comics, games, movies, more #comicswapmeet"	0							
1	"happy halloween from the sun, moon, astronaut and star (well, so she was wearing a star wars shirt.)"	1							
1	happiest baby on the block class is being offered at national nanny training day april 28th	1							
1	"with mommy, dada, apple and cherry are going to noah's park. we'll be back tomorrow"	0							
1	tell me you ain't excited! the twins in eurosong final! they gonna win the 1st place!	1							
1	good eats on deck 2day. volare 4 lunch. maya del sol 4 dinner. i was smart 2 wear black. i may look like i'm w/ child by the end of the day	1							
1	"i'm meant to be going roundhouse, but decided tonight that i don't wanna go anymore, so gonna apply for joseph wright tomorrow"	-1							
1	big bang concert is tomorrow. oh my lord !! boo hoo hoooo )': *cries all the 7 seas*	0							
1	i hope my fishing trip with george clooney and mark wahlberg is still on for tomorrow.	0							
1	love billy crystal introducing the 1st game of the world series.	1							
1	"yes glass of red, rammstein and day off tomorrow (thank you  just what i needed."	1							
1	\the highest any human has ever gone.\ keith richards may have something to say about that. #redbullstratos	0							
1	"registration for the blue diamond almonds shamrock'n half marathon opens november 1st at 10am. if we reach 1,000..."	0							
1	"mom, can i miss a1 on thursday? if you love me you'll say yes. #hopefultweet"	1							
1	"don't think chelsea should appeal for torres' red card. let sturridge play tomorrow. it's the carling cup, not pl."	-1							
1	hear ma seh tweeps the place to be on december 15th is the ultimate vintage enuh !!! at the one and only oneil's place !! ting ago slap weh!	0							
1	offical release: wolves open 19th season on oct. 13 - the chicago wolves open the 2012-13 american hockey league sea...	0							
1	i was going to move to siberia last wednesday.now i don't have to.siberia has moved here.it's bloody freezing. #heatingtime.	-1							
1	boss lady bamboo on sunday come do it major with bdr	0							
1	which of you aussie directioners are counting down to hear the new album on novemeber 19th?	0							
1	sungkyunkwan scandal on abs-cbn.. i just finished the series yesterday..:))))) i may sound like a spoiler now <evil laugh>	0							
1	i'mma probably just watch \good deeds\ for like the 3rd or 4th time!	1							
1	watch me walk into a columbia on a nice saturday afternoon and get clipped up like im fucking trayvon martin with the pillz	0							
1	#classic!  friday oct 19th!!!! the alumni will be rocking philly!!!!! free show  @ the liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop!	1							
1	wow!!! gosh i may have to watch the oscars =)) from what movie?	1							
1	christianity is nothing else but the imitation of god's nature.  we seek a relationship with god through jesus ...\lord that i may see\.	0							
1	"my 3rd autograph!my lil sis was the one who came up to toni gonzaga! left photo,credits to: allenvalladares"	0							
1	looking at the  results from the gold coast is getting me excited for going at twickers in may :d	1							
1	the roxy is alive with the sound of music this sunday at 1.30pm. this is the last chance to see it on the big...	1							
1	french president francois hollande is due to hold talks on monday with the heads of the world bank and other top economic bodies.	0							
1	"workin all week, then to rupp for the uk game monday. #soundsgoodtome #teambbn #cats"	0							
1	a1 you good bye *9th text*     fuck it ima just delete my twitter account babe .. for you 8th text	-1							
1	"#argo is set to receive best film, director and writing noms at the oscars, at the very least. and may be, art direction."	1							
1	yesterday the #nhl cancelled games up to november 1st. the winter classic and all-star game could be in jeopardy soon.	-1							
1	"taylor allderdice is a sick mix tape too. convinced all wiz is good wiz, hyped for the album dropping dec 2nd!"	0							
1	end of 2nd 3-2 predators ... preds will be short handed to start the 3rd.	0							
1	"pineapples & mangos for pre-breakfast, getting some work done, then heading to the ritz carlton for sunday brunch :)."	1							
1	come party with us tomorrow night in naples maine at ricks cafe!!	0							
1	derrick williams now is your chance to show why you were taken 2nd overall	0							
1	100 days away: barack obama & mitt romney meet in their first tv debate at the university of denver (3 oct)	0							
1	is it just me or does \danny\ seem a lot like billy crystal in the first 1/3rd of when harry met sally?	0							
1	just read that the trial of geroge zimmerman in trayvon case killing is set for june 10th!! why so late???	-1							
1	bowling tryouts november 5th pass it on if interested	0							
1	how cool. movies under the stars at adelaide oval... if i was in sa tomorrow night i would be all over this:	1							
1	"bye clemson going back to greenville, be back on monday morning or sunday night. no game for the weekend."	0							
1	"i wonder how the 1st day of school is going to be at berkmar ,lmao"	0							
1	"yes, it's doable. i was at bkk from march 1-4 at night then flew to europe on march 5 in the morning."	1							
1	someone should come with me november 9th to see romeo santos meet&greet at fye at 6 pm at downtown (:	0							
1	do you know when tickets go on sale for the rising stars game on saturday?	0							
1	"ricky ponting has passed 23,000 first class runs - the 12th australian to do so!"	0							
1	love and harden hitting the deck in pursuit of loose balls early 2nd q. proof this is not an nba all-star game.	0							
1	november 9th   get your tickets for the event of the season asap for more info 6179229545.	0							
1	"since et went via bkk and has 5th freedom rights (which can load/unload pax), it's a indirect flight."	0							
1	we've just sampled some of greg's delicious pretzels for our german themed boardroom dinner tomorrow! yummy!	1							
1	royal treatment: stars at midnight tango opening tonight include camilla parker bowles. did she join the standing ovation?	0							
1	\ next saturday i should be back in the city.\ oh shit.. well yea he'll still be here. u get the room w/ the 74'' hd tv lol	-1							
1	but this is not the 1st time that juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex-milan players..cannavaro and edgar davids are similar cases	-1							
1	sitting in the sun listening to nipsey hussle	0							
1	"register as a participant asap! you'll get the early price till november 15 2012 after that, you'll get the normal price. win cool prizes 2!"	1							
1	"what i plan on eating tomorrow at the  ... deep fried kool-aid, deep fried derby pie, deep fried girl scout thin mints, etc..."	0							
1	introducing the first five selections to the all-star game on november 17th at quicken loans arena.  stay posted...	0							
1	circe 2008. the day i got my acceptance letter to u of o. can't believe tomorrow i'll be taking my last test	1							
1	"for my 10th & last pick, i went for d-will! derrick williams hehe sana mag-breakout na with beasley & johnson gone"	0							
1	in the sports world kenseth avoids 25-car pileup to win at dega: daytona 500 winner matt kenseth won  sunday at ...	0							
1	"mark montgomery, david adams and austin romine have been selected to play in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat. #yankees"	0							
1	i was confused as well. i guess it's always saturday night at the ritz carlton. oooh lala.	0							
1	i wonder if natchitoches central game home friday i just might go.!	0							
1	we beat allstar's gaming 2night and have advanced to the finals in  aftermath!  we play next thursday night @ 8pm est.	0							
1	i had a teacher who taught us jupiter was bigger than the sun. this was based on the picture in the textbook. it was a drawing. true story	0							
1	state farm just postponed my sale date scheduled for tomorrow for a new short sale listing taken today for $1.9...	0							
1	"anybody wanna go see hotel trannsylvania, frankenweenie, pitch perfect, and that movie with viola davis as a teacher with me tomorrow?"	0							
1	"i may record the first few episodes of the next lp tomorrow. wanted to get more info ready, but i'm think i'm good with what i have."	1							
1	just noticed that the music for bittersweet symphony is credited to mick jagger and keith richards. find out why and you may dislike them.	-1							
1	"dear devon alexander, how does it feel to be the 1st person ever to be booed at the barclays center? #brooklyn"	-1							
1	"working all weekend, but my love is going to treat me to olive garden tomorrow night after work. #spoiledgf #lovemesomeog #sosweet"	1							
1	"#ronpaul campaign manager doug wead: contrary to media lies, doing just great with delegates even after super tuesday"	1							
1	i play cribbage at the eagles club on thirsty thursday. #partyanimal	0							
1	viola davis in a black & white max mara dress at the  29th annual fashion group international night of stars	0							
1	we dont care about carling cup! save it for #looserpool! yeah we lose also i wont be crying all night long on wednesday night!	-1							
1	"met slum village, just blaze, and 9th wonder. saw fred the godson, raekwon, nipsey hussle, and trae the truth perform, all in one day."	0							
1	philly!!!  will be rocking a free show @ the liacouras center @ 7pm this friday! come through and watch how we get down!!	0							
1	seeing videoclips back from the rammstein concert in march.. now i feel sad. :(	-1							
1	meryl streep is like the coolest woman ever!! i want to be related to her! may go watch #itscomplicated	1							
1	1 & half eps. 1st was proper debate. next ep did my best keith richards impression with the tv. neighbours gave 10's for distance	0							
1	mommy's bday is the 17th.... not sure what to get her yet	0							
1	today's al-ien #nascar person of the day is friday hassler- died in a crash  1st daytona 500 qualifying race in 72	0							
1	george zimmerman is not going to win this trial he may as well plead guilty	-1							
1	love taking a youtube break next day hd tv will be here and saturday will be a beast vid	1							
1	not gonna lie journey to the mysterious island may be a kid movie but i think its pretty fuckin funny	1							
1	"scummy saha will play against us on saturday , i hope he won't score like how he scored in the north london derby"	-1							
1	goin make my first trip of the season to rupp on monday!	0							
1	"the impatient and arrogant mars / jupiter opposition has separated, but may still get one last go when conjuncted by the moon tonight."	0							
1	supposedly the black forest is getting some snow this weekend! did we only imagine the 27 celsius last sunday?...	0							
1	greensboro dmv employee charged with embezzlement - nov 1 @ 4:53 pm et	0							
1	no worries it's goin down friday night club visions.! greensboro nc.!	1							
1	two of my oscars died today. don't know why. i guess they couldn't stand it out till november 6th.	-1							
1	\these birds dont buy the sun\ banner at the carling cup final for mikey dye & the lfc96 #dontbuythesun	0							
1	"hope my interview go a1 tomorrow , i really want this job ."	1							
1	may even join you at joseph wright	0							
1	"prince william met 'the rottweiler' camilla parker bowles and she came out ...: harry may be full of mischief, a..."	-1							
1	"so excited to be at the bold manor with  team, preparing for bolder arrival on sunday!  (via"	1							
1	jeremy evans just posterized turiaf watch sportscenter tomorrow morning so u could see it	0							
1	we have lots of chocolate left-might have to take it to nns on sat! rt:  anyone have an excess of sweeties left from last night?	0							
1	"attn male tulane students!! if you want to get on tv, go to tj quills this saturday night at 9pm. i can't tell you anymore. spread the word!"	0							
1	hoping i can somehow make the volleyball game tomorrow #please	0							
1	said you made keith richards look baby faced.  *may not have actually said this.	-1							
1	wabasha got into the silica-sand brouhaha tuesday in hearing on cup for a sand loading site. the sand question will be with us for years.	0							
1	going holiday eh ? haha going to melaka tomorrow :)	1							
1	"how we do football sunday at the turner house. big screen, little screen, ipad. #gobigorgohome"	0							
1	the pro bowl definitely isn't better and nba all-star game is trash until 4th qtr	-1							
1	every time i wear this hoodie ... i think of the hoodie march .... and trayvon martin ... and the ppl i knew personally who died	0							
1	"and he hasn't lost a match since apr 2nd last year, that's consistent, and never forgetting cannavaro, the 1st defender to win it"	1							
1	"perfect little planet, the challenger learning center of tallahassee's new planetarium show premieres tomorrow!..."	0							
1	going to a sunday matinee of dredd 3d. probably most excited for the return of lena headey's natural hair color. sarah connor > circe	1							
1	"congrats to the teams who competed at #nccdc7, including 1st place u. of washington, 2nd place us air force academy and 3rd place texas a&m!"	1							
1	"jesse jackson, in #gso, says he's headed to sanford fla, where trayvon martin was killed, saturday night."	0							
1	"review : black friday 2012 gerber 31-000758 gator machete with sheath:  find, shop, see reviews , buy black frid..."	0							
1	it's ok; i understand. i though i was gonna die when i sat so close to the stage at your concert in greensboro last friday!	1							
1	"in his session at the 11th international cloud expo, ronald bradford, founder & ceo of effective mysql, will dis..."	0							
1	anyone out there know how i can go along to the rugby expo at twickers on nov 14th? #takemeimyours	0							
1	"happy friday! if i could make those words any bigger or bolder, i would! lol :) have a great weekend all of our pjd friends!"	1							
1	"they are truly changing the world one life at a time. if you're in mesa, az tomorrow come join me and my friend  for a fun night!"	1							
1	then i will refrain from telling you about my plan to watch mysterious island with my son tomorrow night.  (he's 6)	0							
1	i think you can get them on ticketek? and they go on sale tomorrow.. i think... :)	1							
1	"the sun had now completely risen, and the whole facade of granite house became illuminated by his rays; but in the interior as well as on t"	0							
1	hahaha for real he's at fox theatre on dec 7	1							
1	#skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free b4 9:30pm hosted by #saab its always fun when you rolling!!! haha x5	1							
1	2 fa cup sf's carling cup final lost on pens he may not have been a true leader but he certainly took us places we ain't been.	0							
1	"breeders' cup fans, watch sky2 @ 7am sat & sun.  sat r5 to 9 live & sun r6 to 12 with  live. other bc races will be replayed."	0							
1	saw the 1st team training and saw edgar davids. looks like deece baller for a 39 year old. training monday!	0							
1	is anyone i know going to the joseph wright induction day on wednesday? #loner #scared	0							
1	sportsnation  just wont let jeremy evans dunkface go. this is the 3rd time ive seen it all week. still funny though	1							
1	<3<3 nipples >=) the elite after olympics party is the place to be saturday oct 27 @ oneil's place!	0							
1	good chat this morning with  about  terrific run in the fa youth cup. lead report in friday's echo.	1							
1	departure of ship: stanford provider port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 5:03am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the ves...	0							
1	tomorrow's goal: do my hair like amy lee's on the my immortal music video :)	0							
1	"spree books for a fiver in aberdeen, edinburgh and tayside - only until wednesday!  - you can take advantage of..."	0							
1	tomorrow maybe!? like during tok and lunch? i'll go tomorrow and you can go wednesday? :)	0							
1	"who's ready for the labor day weekend? the singapore slingers tomorrow, ian moore saturday, del castillo sunday."	0							
1	the 1st black woman to ever host the academy awards was=> i want to be like her! #blackhistorymoment	1							
1	also i wasn't aware that the buffalo had escaped from its paddock and made its way to tayside. i'll try to round it up on sunday.	0							
1	"christianity is a life style, not just a quick sunday service or blessing of food. live life as a light. be different then the world #wwjd"	0							
1	fm preview: west ham united v sunderland 22 sep 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as west ...	0							
1	may i have an industrial revolution code for my pre-order of bioshock infinite? i got one from the store but cant redeem.	-1							
1	"i was supposed to go to the covina game tomorrow to see josh, i don't even know wtf i'm doing!"	-1							
1	i feel like viola davis is being cicely tysoned but i'm going to bed. i may awake to hate tweets.	0							
1	"i am selling 2 tickets to see  at london o2 arena on the first date on their 2013 tour. friday, (cont)"	0							
1	can't wait for  to hit up az on sunday! let the debauchery begin!	1							
1	i may be the only person in pottstown right now	0							
1	"tressa and libby are here but we split up today and we will meet up tomorrow night.i like it here, its alot like minnesota."	1							
1	i miss u to & i loved it .. ctfu i'm soo mad the dj didn't play that last night .. we better be going to ricks cafe tomorrow	1							
1	mumford & sons tickets for the extra london o2 arena show on dec 18th are onsale now.  #mumfords	0							
1	"north has a half day thursday, einstein doesn't. anyone wanna go see ms.kable with me?"	0							
1	sacha baron cohen may be the funniest man on earth hahahaha	1							
1	\ enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes friday 8th	0							
1	kainis! bukas na pala first day ng secret love (sungkyunkwan scandal) sa abs-cbn. eh may pasok kami bukas. diaje naman oh!	0							
1	bitch u shoulda came with me saturday sooooo much fun. met romeo santos lmao na i met his look a like	1							
1	great mbb game - felt good to be back at the vadalabene center - great staff/promotions too! wbb tomorrow - can't wait!! #siuenation	1							
1	the comedians from chelsea lately will be at the fox theatre tomorrow! i'm so excited!	1							
1	think i'm going to a a1 concert tomorrow. do you guys know who they are? haha	0							
1	so #cabinfever2 isn't as good as the 1st one...it's better than taylor allderdice tho	1							
1	nasa measures extragalactic background light!  awesome implications for understanding the big bang better!	1							
1	thursday's rainfall @ bdr was 0.04\ bringing the monthly total to 2.07\. that's more than an inch below normal (3.10\).	0							
1	"haha dude it was mental, by far easiest defensive driving course created. yeah i heard thalia and caroline are coming thursday!"	1							
1	ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury.: ricky ponting was pu...	0							
1	whoever's going to a$ap rocky wit me on the 8th better buy their tickets like today. i think imma get mine soon	0							
1	"big thurs coming in hs football: richwood @ ouachita, grambling @ ocs, & st. fred  will have you covered all wk"	0							
1	\ whos going to the millard north game tomorrow??\ who do they playy ?	0							
1	dollar rises on concerns about global economy: the world bank cut its growth forecast for asia monday and said t...	0							
1	jungle island makes good on $2 million payment: jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami city...	1							
1	i guess i'm goin to the marana game on friday with	0							
1	how in the world do you go the nfl combine knowing u have a chance to be 1st rd pick & test positive for marijuana? #reallystupid	-1							
1	"friday could turn out to be a big day in the case of george zimmerman, who is accused of murdering trayvon marti..."	0							
1	"it's nov 2 for book swap, not the 4th! but you'll work that out when you follow the link!"	0							
1	look out for the goon tape by rocket droppin tomorrow and underdogs do win by yung brodee i got beats on both this shit don't stop! #wescoas	0							
1	"win 4 free tickets to party with roger sanchez this friday, september 14th at hq nightclub by tagging the 3..."	0							
1	got nothing going on friday night? good cause now you do! come on down black forest in eugene. if 100 people show...	1							
1	friday fish fry and football with tressa! #ffffdate	0							
1	the prediction machine loves kc +8.5 tonight. kermit has fucked me every thursday. went w sd.. so i'm gonna lose cuz that's how it works.	-1							
1	"abl update: singapore slingers leading over ph patriots, 32-25, in the 2nd qtr"	0							
1	ni**as in paris. may be better than the original.  via	1							
1	monday's rain (0.38\) @ bdr brought the monthly total to 1.86\ which is just above normal (1.80\) through yesterday.	0							
1	delicious new items start this wednesday here at #rosamexicano it's time to get in the fall mood with these awesome new items!	1							
1	haha.... mum gave me my work wage for tomorrow for ticketek so that i don't go to work (if that made any sense) just to stay home. thanks	1							
1	see how mick foley wins his first wwe championship and turned the tide against wcw in the monday night wars!...	0							
1	"i would put gillard 2nd best behind hawke, rudd 3rd, keating 4th, then all the rest, then howard last #showdown"	0							
1	"we have another skate class this monday at the skate center! it's from 6:30-7:30! bring yourself and your kids, fun times will be had!"	1							
1	"review : black friday 2012 como stylish white cat shaped watch with key chain clip:  find, shop, see reviews , b..."	0							
1	did any of you party with jeremy evans in dallas on saturday at the \posh cool down\ at club posh?	0							
1	headed to footloose on sunday in garner! spots left in #theannevan if you wanna tag along #northiowaschoolplaytour	0							
1	end of the 1st quarter.  are down 16-14 to the wichita wild	0							
1	bowling comes to downtown disney! splitsville is scheduled to open in december. check out how the construction...	0							
1	looks like i'm going to bolder tomorrow.	0							
1	great double-bill on saturday for tjff! win tix to check out the jean dujardin comedy from	1							
1	get well soon tressa! have a nice day tomorrow :))	1							
1	last saturday's london children's book swap went swimmingly! see pictures here and read about it on the blog:...	0							
1	oneil's barber & beauty open right now...449 acadian thur (next to chicken shack) $7 all even with a line back 2 school special(domino only)	0							
1	"till june 5 nalang ang botohan! so make sure you vote deniesse, wendy, jazz and divine on fhm 100 sexiest! :) #thv'spride!"	1							
1	anybody here on natchitoches got a membership at the warehouse an free to workout tomorrow	0							
1	"world bank earmarks $245 million for myanmar, outlines 18-month work plan: the world bank said on thursday it ha..."	0							
1	brook marie had the chance to attend the 10th annual honey shine mentoring program luncheon yesterday at jungle island with a few...	0							
1	"trying to come up with a rockstar for  18th, so far emilie autumn or amy lee seem like ideas"	0							
1	#nhl #cba -- nhl source tells john buccigross that the league will cancel winter classic and all-star game next monday if no cba.	0							
1	start your weekend off right at east tonight with pure friday.   enjoy delicious graze dining from 6pm and...	1							
1	multiple reports sate the #dolphins appear likely to draft texas a&m qb ryan tannehill with the 8th overall pick. #nfldraft	0							
1	"i don't ever skate etnies, but ryan sheckler 7's the marana is too sicc! as soon as it comes out in november i'm buying a pair :-)"	1							
1	new mixtape monday!!! hosted by  and trina!!! i keeps it moving!!!!	0							
1	"ugh sooooo mean!! oh yeah before i forget! we have a quiz on nca and english tom, the english analysis she gave us last wed"	0							
1	saturday in the d...bill maher at the fox theatre killed tonight...heard there was some other things going on across the street.	0							
1	world bank  approves us$50 million for  improving compliance with industrial wastewater treatment regulations in vietnam - oct 25th	1							
1	pals knock2bag tonight at rich mix! come and hang out. also you can catch me on russell howard's good news tonight and tomorrow.	1							
1	the next winner of an hd tv will be drawn friday 17/02 - have you entered the #pplhdtv #competition yet? details here:	0							
1	"hello everyone.tuesday night like always beef kabob special it is delicious,acoustic open mic with brian ruskin..."	1							
1	"watching when harry met sally, how i love that movie!!! a) it's nyc b) it's billy crystal and meg ryan :) what a perfect start to friday!"	1							
1	"movies tomorrow with jacob :) seeing paranormal activity 4, hopefully i don't pee myself ._."	1							
1	anybody going back to melaka tomorrow? can i get a lift please?	0							
1	nah i gotta take the act tomorrow and from there go to beaumont for oscars game	0							
1	"naww , she got friday , good deeds  , & 21 jump street ."	0							
1	november 11 you'll probably see me at the house of blues. #mp #themaine	0							
1	fm preview: west bromwich albion v reading 22 sep 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes...	0							
1	today i spent all of the money at h&m & topshop. thought i might faint in zara so that has been postponed until tomorrow. also: sun!	0							
1	"that's me exactly!  hahaha...6th and 7th grade everyone made fun of me then it was all \edward omg, jacob 4 lyfe\ s t o p"	1							
1	but my bday is tomorrow and i have to spend it in natchitoches away from my family<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<	-1							
1	it's going to be a sad day in port charles tomorrow!   #jasonmorgan #stonecold	-1							
1	"mark cosgrove has just completed his 12th shield ton, which is his 6th at adelaide oval. sa v tas 222/1. the..."	0							
1	back to norwich city tomorrow to do loads more shopping as we couldn't fit it all in on monday... #shopping #norwich #addicted	-1							
1	trudat! the case is now state of florida vs george zimmerman! i may need to seek some educating about that.	0							
1	listening bear mccreary battlestar galactica' ost makes me wanna see this amazing tvshow again. one day i'll see it for the 4th time :p #bsg	1							
1	see you tomorrow in port charles hope you're enjoying big brother :)	1							
1	wrapping up a 14 hour day in huntsville. love watching the labs and my students work. can't wait for more tomorrow.  woohoo!  #thealienlife	1							
1	"- win tickets to the 1-night theater event, happiest baby, on june 21. enter by june 10. find a theater near you..."	0							
1	"becker answers with 65-yd td drive,  12-yd fade to brett watercott. becker 26, zimmerman 7. 2:41 3rd qtr #mnscores"	0							
1	"quiet saturday night, watched taken and journey to mysterious island. pert near time to go to bed, got church in the morning."	0							
1	last push! last day of training before the break! then i'm off to bkk on thursday!!	0							
1	"cant wait for the match tomorrow, bring on the barnet and bring on edgar davids!"	1							
1	clearwire investor demands sale of spectrum: sprint nextel may have designs on the struggling cellphone network ...	0							
1	#hot30sgo1denticket may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners!	1							
1	#trayvon my daily tweet(s) 10/17 and 10/18 in memory of trayvon martin - killed 236 days ago.~may you rest in peace~ (love to the family)	-1							
1	the #lakings hve been so good on #nhl13 that the real team might disappoint me. jeff carter has 43 goals thru january. #isthatpossible	1							
1	"\ go to youtube, search ni**as in paris (no stars)... go to the 1st one & listen from 2:15 - 2:30.\ why? o.o"	0							
1	"brian may reveals that the freddie mecury biopic has 2014 release date, and sacha baron cohen is to play the singer"	0							
1	"make sure to come to the bob jones game friday! free hot dogs, hamburgers & food outside the gate! & watch bob jones take on austin high!"	0							
1	jupiter's almost perfectly in line with the moon. rather beautiful. may try looking at it tomorrow night via the old telescope.	1							
1	another nca football coach needs lessons in pr 101. #1 don't make matters worse by trying to intimidate the media.	-1							
1	"no match for kmw reserves this saturday, believe 2 of the younger members are daft enough to be going to the valley instead #ohdear"	0							
1	last day of bca tomorrow. -lori of off say yes to dress has breast cancer. :(	-1							
1	"typical saturday afternoon, hanging with steve whitmire - who plays kermit, ernie, rizzo the rat, and others"	0							
1	"glad its friday, but i wanna go to the ncs game... no fun when there isn't anything to do.."	1							
1	dutch uncles obviously 'crept up on you' more than u realise 'dutch uncles' lp on tapete pre dated cadenza... are on 3rd now!	0							
1	"at noon today, you'll know why #youcount tune in to abs-cbn to see the 1st #tvc of the biggest & d' brightest #bpo employer in ph #convergys"	1							
1	just saw the today show with 98 degrees from friday...jeff timmons got so hot...bring back all the boy bands. #nsyncforlife	0							
1	"tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang mcs for the sbs k-pop super concert nov 10 via magicsnsd"	0							
1	"hopefully we play more or less the same team as saturday...garner, ball, jones, hooman, brown, connolly, burnell, keats, low, allen & canham"	1							
1	just turned tele back on and caught the end credits to saturday kitchen live #ffs #failure	0							
1	"on modern family, when sofia yelled ''c'mon estella'' and ran into the pool, omg i laughed like never before."	1							
1	awesome round and congrats on your 1st tour victory! enjoy the ritz carlton and kapalua plantation course...you've earned it!	1							
1	next gigs will be 10/23 @ pocket sandwich theater with singapore slingers and 11/7 at bryan st. tavern for wed. night jazz with my quintet.	0							
1	"just had the amazing  pick up her bespoke fascinator for derby tomorrow, love this time of year #melbcupcarnival"	1							
1	red carpet special on  tonight and pics on  tomorrow plus deets on where to find the fashion #vnzma #vnzmas	1							
1	flashback friday:the dallas stars settle victoriously in to their new digs at the aac. watch: first game	1							
1	"join us for bed, breakfast and evening meal on monday 3rd december and have james martin cook your dinner and then come out to greet you."	0							
1	d.j. king suffered broken right hand in fight with krys barch oct 24 2009 stlblues vs dallas stars; missed 3+ months	-1							
1	tomorrow night at the roxy come check out the saturdays  you won't be disappointed!	1							
1	missing half the day for the tok speaker tomorrow and friday is a day 6. chill week	0							
1	yes...okay i'm going to sleep night tressa talk to you tomorrow hun!  xx	0							
1	really liked tobacco rd. i'll have to run through the whole album tomorrow before the wbb game.	1							
1	going to ace tomorrow's paper with no mercy at all	1							
1	"better yet, anyone going to zimmerman on saturday sober?"	0							
1	"if your kids feel nervous about sandy, these hurricane tips from kermit, big bird and al roker may help to calm them"	0							
1	stimulating & promising speech of the world bank's president jim yong kim in the annual meeting held in tokyo on oct 12	1							
1	on how fungal spores are dispersed - tories bring 'em back from lederhosen rallies in the black forest:	0							
1	if you're with metropcs then this is probably the best phone you can buy	1							
1	now i kinda regret not going to bolder on friday.  #fuckme	-1							
1	"schedule] tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10	0	1	11101011110100, 110100, 011011000110, 11100110010, 11100110110, 11111110101110, 1111110010100, 11100110101, 11110101101001, 1111011111010111, 11111111010, 100110111, 1011100, 10111111, 10111110, 001110111, 111001110, 10010, 1111011110111100, 1110010101, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	"lots of hot toddies needed! got tickets to see you at rich mix on sunday as part of a birthday treat, hope you're better by then!"	1							
1	do you expect tomorrow's last lap to be action-packed like today's nns? a g-w-c would be interesting. #thrillingclimax	1							
1	"anyone want to see knife party, tommy trash, kill the noise, style of eye, baauer & destructo on oct 26 in nyc?"	0							
1	"how is the racism, threats, & hatred shown toward entire zimmerman family different than any racism that george may have had? #hypocrites"	-1							
1	"openstack is powering production clouds. in this general session at the 11th international cloud expo, nebula ce..."	0							
1	btw come rock with us on sat in covina. ill be in costume. wear yours as well so i don't feel like in 12z	1							
1	saw lou on monday- tell me how she's improved!	0							
1	aww thank you danica! you are an amazing person with so much talent and love! hope to see you in miami this coming march.	1							
1	4 dead americans in #benghazi apparently are a lesser tragedy than death of trayvon martin may he rip.	-1							
1	norma they are cat 1 bought on 1st day they released. cant tell exact seats till 2 morrow in work computer from ticketek.	0							
1	malkin playing thursday: quotepenguins center evgeni malkin is set to play his first game of the season ...  #hockey	0							
1	hahaaa.  i'm going to lp on saturday	1							
1	"just writing a preview for saturday's visit of barnet, can't help but get excited about the visit of edgar davids. he was a childhood icon."	1							
1	fashion tip for everyone at the derby tomorrow	0							
1	see you sat at pacha buenos aires! release yourself radio - guest mix from anil chawla by roger sanchez via #soundcloud	0							
1	last tuesday we asked \who is the greatest england captain ever?\ and the winner is steven gerrard (50% of votes). 2nd place for bobby moore	1							
1	we're going to be here tomorrow - have lots to swap! london children's book swap  via	0							
1	my new sounds: march of the ants + food scarce at the valley.mp3  on #soundcloud	0							
1	"#commit2mitt bus tour stops: avon lake, fairview park, mentor, chardon & kent.  hope to see you there tomorrow!"	1							
1	"won twice on the last day to stay up. finished 10th and carling cup final. sent west ham down!!! lot of good times, more to come"	1							
1	i may be the only person in pottstown right now?	0							
1	see robbie keane jumping off the bench claiming that 4th goal!! #greathattickfromrobbie	1							
1	"if  didn't like coloccini being likened to bobby moore, he will hate mon claiming mcclean and johnson 'class' #safc #nufc"	-1							
1	will anyone of you go on the one direction concert on april 1st 2013 in london o2 arena? :) x	0							
1	"nov 16th in natchitoches, la. ya boy putting da belt on da line. it's going down. i want my people to be there... get at me!!! #whoopwhoop!!"	1							
1	james martin could have you on saturday morning kitching 'this will go wonderfully with the lamb; a real musty scrote aroma'	1							
1	"sacha baron cohen to star as freddie mercury. he's the only one for the role, imho.  via"	1							
1	will you be in myanmar on saturday? i work with tom at spark pr in bkk. we have an event on saturday in yangon with visa	0							
1	"this saturday we're in scenic petrolia - come one, come all to the mattole valley community center's mid-summer..."	0							
1	"still time to ask saturday kitchen legend james martin a question, he's just given us the lowdown on strictly"	0							
1	enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes tomorrow  don't miss out!	0							
1	i think big bang should tell us where they're celebrating top's birthday on sunday so vips can come celebrate together with them ^^ lol	1							
1	"how do you say, \delicious!!\ in spanish? #riogrind is gonna have  hanging out on saturday. latin fever!"	1							
1	"oh ok, my husband love going to the valley, his b-day n jan. sounds good to me"	1							
1	im trying out for the nfl combine when i get out of college #youcanbelievethat	0							
1	total rainfall @ bdr since september 1 is 7.64\ which is more than double the normal (3.72\) through the same period.	0							
1	"lost & found pic. 2nd day in korea, breakfast at olympic park #korea #vacation #seoul #2012trip"	0							
1	"rave reviews...book now!      sat 3rd, 7:30, the cabinet maker's daughter at shaftesbury arts centre. spread the word!"	0							
1	headed back to huntsville this weekend just for this alumni stuff goin down friday	0							
1	"news: sydney, oct 12 (ani): pacer james anderson attacked an \arrogant\ michael clarke with a batsman's pad in the dressing room afte..."	-1							
1	they may not be the best looking of preds but they sure are comfy and snug!! worth it plus swag colours!	1							
1	who's going joseph wright tomorrow?	0							
1	\ attn: wrestlers- still time to join this sunday's seminar/tryout. here's the info:	0							
1	jean dujardin on saturday night live dancing with zooey deschanel and kristen wiig! holy. frigging. crap. #mindblowing	0							
1	\ evgeni malkin and sergei gonchar will make their season debut with metallurg magnitogorsk on thursday.\ kulemin & sid nxt	0							
1	thanks for making this snowy day so pleasant!  echo and penny will be in friday morning at 10!	1							
1	mtsu just beat wku 34-29. the sun belt is really starting to get interesting. have to take care of business on saturday! #packattack	1							
1	1st george clooney 2nd joseph gordon (older and younger ) winky face with a capital d	0							
1	"oh snap! another sunday pool party at shore club in miami with ryan morales, jason vernau and ollie sanders!!! we'll see you out there!"	1							
1	everyone go to volleyball game monday at 7 in the ac	0							
1	we're going to be here tomorrow - have lots to swap! london children's book swap  via	0							
1	fab review of the wonderful kneehigh's production of steptoe & son in today's echo. runs until sat. don't miss!	1							
1	"to stand a chance of winning tickets to this vip private red carpet screening, visit the centre court on friday or..."	0							
1	someone be sure to tell george clooney to keep the andrea gail at the dock tomorrow.  read	0							
1	"\due to the after-effects of hurricane sandy, fantazia 360 is cancelled for this saturday at the liacouras center!!!\"	0							
1	i wish i lived with laurin randle...i dnt see her enough after 5th period.!	1							
1	i went to jungle island in february. i prefer the miami metro zoo tho	0							
1	\milkily handsome in the manner of a cinematically doomed first world war infantryman\:  on michael clarke	0							
1	"today's answer: stone has received 3 academy awards for his work on the films midnight express, platoon, and born on the fourth of july."	0							
1	"may be not sachin, but virat kohli definitely reminds one of ricky ponting. the authority with which he makes his strokes quite similar..."	0							
1	"happy birthday to my ace, bestfriend & lowkey sister  ..!! hope you have fun, see you sunday so we can turn up!! #ayyyeee"	1							
1	i'm not even gonna bother watching eurosong tonight. saw enough of it on tuesday.	-1							
1	i'm not dealing with anyone's shit tomorrow so fernando and jacob fuck off .	-1							
1	#canada #sweden jason vernau live @ set nightclub miami february 25th 2012:      jason vernau is back with some ...	0							
1	playing a show in eugene tomorrow w/ bill more @ the black forest. if you're still around pop on by!	0							
1	25th of july. 7pm at volstead (it's a bar). can you mc for a quiz night?	0							
1	"people are going to think i'm a devil tomorrow, but no i'm actually meryl streep in the devil wears prada duh"	0							
1	i'll be in cypress tonight and tomorrow night! i better see you!	1							
1	#boom!!! come party with the mb family next saturday night at sydney's infamous red room! nrl & super rugby	0							
1	"\everyone deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow\ for rushers, it's big time rush :)"	1							
1	going to the berkmar game tomorrow.	0							
1	"driving back down the a1 on tues afternoon at j43 near m62, i saw a red kite. i've never seen one north of oxford before."	0							
1	(he's got quite the backup!)  george harrison playing here comes the sun:  via	0							
1	'these birds dont buy the sun' banner at the carling cup final for mikey dye and the 96 #dontbuythesun	0							
1	be sure to follow the #coyotes affiliate in the american hockey league  -  they start training camp on saturday.	0							
1	"buy 1 get 1 free tiket the greatest hits tour blue, a1, & jeff timmons 98 degrees  only for tommorow 19 feb puri mall  & pondok indah mall 1"	1							
1	"oscars 1st time at nursery tomorrow, they can wear fancy dress being halloween ,damn it had not planned for that. #mommyonamission"	0							
1	"live blog - friday, november 2 at noon edt: the breeders' cup is here. join, tom, pete, and frank to talk about ..."	0							
1	"i'm just suggesting it for the sake of completeness, a la polaris's may 31st deadline & academy awards' dec. 31."	0							
1	"good luck for saturday pal, can't wait to see you fight against what i assume will be devon alexander."	1							
1	mvp - chris paul 6th man - jason terry defensive player - iman shumpert most improved - paul george coach of the year - george karl	0							
1	"if you want more books to read during the summer months, then go to book swap at starbucks, landmark on tuesday..."	0							
1	watching \ good deeds\ for the 1st time and i think i already know how tht movie gonna turned out. smh	0							
1	"tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor missed training today, and won't play in the europa league on thursday, because of a hamstring injury."	-1							
1	"mxm wena rebo, i know how to..and you guys are flooding up my e-mails.tltltltltlltltlt.rebo and tk, ost tomorrow night???"	0							
1	"an informal networking day about digital publishing, bethnal green, 8 nov...."	0							
1	currently at the london children's museum. then #dragonslive later. then to goderich until tomorrow.	0							
1	the bbc are asking if last night's carling cup 4th round tie between reading and arsenal was the greatest cup tie of all time. honestly.	1							
1	the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend and in all metropcs stores and our website on monday the 22nd.jg	0							
1	"the jazz agreed thursday to a three-year, $5.5 million deal with forward jeremy evans, the salt lake tribune has ..."	0							
1	yes but we have lots of fun planned for sat. james martin will be on top form with saturday kitchen plus a big surprise tba!	1							
1	how jokes is it that edgar davids plays for barnet now and wtf happened in the leeds-wednesday game tonight?!?!	-1							
1	"13 may 2012 begins my run of teaching happiest baby on the block at arnold rec center. pregnant moms & dads,..."	0							
1	it's conference championship weekend at ncs!! come out tomorrow to cheer our raiders on to victory in the vic and...	0							
1	rick stein has taken over padstow; why should damien hirst be allowed to destroy the aesthetic appeal of ilfracombe?	0							
1	don't forget to get your self out to bettyvirginia park tomorrow @ 10am for the kickball tournament! #ipittythefoolthatcantkickitoldschool	1							
1	"sprint takes control of clearwire; now owns 51% stake, may buy it outright"	0							
1	"one word-download !!!!! you and your girlfriend, sat watching rammstein, you know you want to. you can do it"	0							
1	departure of ship: arabian oryx port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 6:41am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel a...	0							
1	"if you're looking for the gs3 off contract, it hits metropcs next monday -  by"	0							
1	"its my birthday on the east coast now. i was born est, so i get to party now.   i live on the west coast so the party will last till monday"	1							
1	#trayvon my daily tweet (9/15) in memory of trayvon martin- killed 203 days ago. ~may you rest in peace~ (keep family in your prayers -love)	0							
1	"#mt \ 'the artist,' posted new thursday at netflix instant. the surprise winner at the oscars. my review:"	0							
1	qb printers didnt start. wr avery starts and scores on 1st poss. 27-31  down to the wichita wild	-1							
1	have you read happiest baby on block?  gave to me. it's great! you need it. i'll bring to u tomorrow if u haven't	1							
1	"not here in the east:( though...moon, jupiter, capella light up evening sky on november 1 | tonight | earthsky"	-1							
1	billy said he's pitching at the rising stars on saturday and playing centerfield. #bugsbunnystyle	0							
1	"lol i'm talk to my sister , tomorrow i think she was talking prince royce , but idk! she's inlove with romeo santos!"	0							
1	mum couldn't help but laugh at the fact she's sat on this boat watching dt seuss's the lorax with her 18 year old daughter :) #hellyeah	1							
1	"the pacers are counting on paul george to step up, gerald green and dj augustin are your adds... nat 2nd in the east, son."	0							
1	attn *family & sua's friends (if he even got any.lol) *saturday night come out & celebrate my big bruh *josua to'omalatai's c-day at peacocc	0							
1	tomorrow venus will overlap the sun! get your special glasses out! next chance is year 2117. (ie:never)	1							
1	"when i would message you it said it too. idk why! but this weekend i'm dropping it off,  ill try and go to rosedale tomorrow."	0							
1	"field trip to october 12! breakfast at jungle island,meet deca members from other schools and find out what deca is all about :)"	1							
1	"you may know them as the crazy boys on nickelodeon, but i know them as my whole world and idols, big time rush."	0							
1	we'll be at the ypaac blondes vs. brunettes flag-football game tomorrow. doors open 1pm at university of denver -...	0							
1	the heat are playing the 3rd quarter so fast and free that game 5 is starting to look like the nba all-star game. #nbafinals	1							
1	"so can't believe big bang is tomorrow, this day came way too soon! at least i can live it again sat.night!! ^_^"	-1							
1	"il divo - isabel love this song very much... 1st time came to spain n hear this song, i fall in love with song.."	1							
1	attn: friends and fans! come join me at birdy's thursday night @ 9:30 for a night of acoustic music!! would love the support! hope to see u!	1							
1	who's going to the pottstown football game friday?	0							
1	i wish the nhl and nhlpa to come to an agreement so i can go to dallas to see my dallas stars in march	1							
1	had a dream about a chardon football last night. makes me wanna go to the game tomorrow	0							
1	"a dance december 8th, for all the cheerleaders in the district at east."	0							
1	"#wwe creative seems so out of control lately, the next ppv may as  well have  mick foley v. dude love in a \mr. socko\ match for buys."	0							
1	"yes! >3< tomorrow we'll see a lot of fancans about this concert <3 mblaq, cnblue, after school and others will attend this concert"	0							
1	wouldn't it be better to do it april half term cuz eurosong means nothing to uk ppl	0							
1	"ni**as in paris encore, 2 mosh pits, it's too far away to see b, but the 2nd pit failed because of b's security!"	-1							
1	happy 22nd kendall!!! thank you for being part of big time rush and making me smile and giving me halloween costume ideas!	1							
1	"semi-finals, then championship game tomorrow if we make it that far, we will"	1							
1	"ive just realized minotaurs 1st company consists of mostly termies, preds and vindicators lol #forgeworldonly"	0							
1	football game tomorrow and the meet and greet with dom kennedy and nipsey hussle #turnup	0							
1	"commentary: is chris brown the victim of a double standard?: hosting the independent spirit awards in february, ..."	0							
1	fm preview: west bromwich albion v aston villa 28 apr 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as...	0							
1	just hmu when you get to raleigh tomorrow	0							
1	"whew, long day unpacking the turner house. now a movie and knitting with my honey. how's your saturday going?"	0							
1	are the rosters released for the rising stars game on sat yet??	0							
1	i have a very strong dislike for george zimmerman. i really do. why isn't he in jail! can't wait for him to be sentenced in june.	-1							
1	devon alexander's trainer says he will destroy randall bailey on september 8 and then seek a showdown with p4p...	0							
1	awww hell. it was a black cop that shot the white student at south alabama. let's all go march naked in mobile for trayvon. i mean gil.	-1							
1	we saw  with  last october 29 at abs-cbn hallway.	0							
1	check out tonight's #fan4racing show! lot's of talk about danica patrick & you may be surprised by her stats.  #nascar	0							
1	can it be february 26th already?  bioshock infinite looks amazing.	1							
1	"both previous batman films are on hd tv (tnt, fx) tonight at 8 pm edt. so i'm recording both. may watch to get caught up"	0							
1	tomorrow i'm downloading some chance the rapper and nipsey hussle	0							
1	"and on top of it all, my horoscope is super positive and my coffee is so delicious today. hey, wednesday. we can get along!"	1							
1	"mashasha & sam will play @ rich mix, london on 2 nov to launch film africa watch the trailer with music by mashasha"	0							
1	george clooney's sister: he won't wed: george clooney's sister doesn't think he will ever marry again.the 51-yea...	0							
1	"#trayvon my daily tweet (10/20) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 238 days ago. ~may you rest in peace~ (hang in there, family)"	0							
1	good morning all. the sun is out today in tayside. hope you all have a great day today	1							
1	tomorrow is #gameday & its gonna be a good one so come out & support covina at san dimas for a big game in the season #letsgetthatwin xd	1							
1	dallas stars forward jamie benn has signed with the hamburg freezers in germany. he could make his debut against mannheim on friday.	0							
1	"leonard martin category \saturday not live\ movies with chris farley, phil hartman or john belushi"	0							
1	yeaaa it's goin down this sunday @ jays 2!!! come & help yah girl tressa celebrate her 26th bday!!! your already know what time it is!!! ...	0							
1	a1 for poa!! i can do it!! gonna give my all on tmr lesson. saturday do one paper2. sunday read on theory. monday kill the paper!	1							
1	even if you dont go to bob jones you better wear pink tomorrow. #orelse	0							
1	"madison square garden hosts its first wwe monday night raw, featuring the wwe debut of mick foley's cactus jack..."	0							
1	agreed. that's like the nba all-star game taking place in october.	0							
1	i think i'm going to watch the artist for the 5th time in 2 weeks 2nite before i got to sleep. <3 jean dujardin & his charming smile :d haha	1							
1	hanging out with pip and estella on a rainy saturday.	0							
1	"2nd half in  match with pires: he takes me out from behind, only yellow card of game. 10\ scar still proud on calf"	1							
1	"you guys,  is going to have fried thin mints and tagalog ice cream tomorrow."	0							
1	my dad and i are going to raleigh saturday if you wanna go	0							
1	are you going to the red carpet on thursday?	0							
1	at ricks cafe with  watching dese guys jump off the cliffs and drinking rum runners in the sun	0							
1	benesch spins and fires from close in and puts a low bounce shot past rose.  assist to pires #wla  4th goal of the night.	0							
1	"have you seen lawless? if guy pearce doesn't get an oscar nomination for that, i may possibly give up on the academy awards.."	0							
1	"photos are up from last thursday's party with destructo, courtesy of edm orlando!"	0							
1	had a great weekend with the family. went to the ritz carlton which is the best hotel ever. thanks mom i enjoyed myself. sat by the band	1							
1	i finished 1st in a bowling 101 class of 50 that included members of the bowling team... you're totally effed.. :d	1							
1	"{ari heard circe's giggle and sat up in her hammock} er, anybody there? {she called out, scanning the shore line of the--"	0							
1	"it may have started  but now the  is in siberia, yes, siberia:  #writers #writing"	0							
1	"ate mcdonald's and feel guilty so i'm goin to 24 for an hour or 2, then to az tomorrow, go and try and make my life better"	-1							
1	194days till i see you at #believetour at london o2 arena on march 7th<3	1							
1	i think i'll go to thalia tomorrow and look for tlos and then i'll buy it again and be happy :)	1							
1	usa+canada tour starts today!!! super pumped! greensboro nc kicks it off tonight! tomorrow asheville then atl on sunday!	1							
1	bmp is coming to the volstead! grand opening hh this fri 5-9. what are you gonna order first?	0							
1	sunday dining is always amazing at volare restaurant chicago with friends and family. we recommend starting your...	1							
1	"nice. we might stay at lou's house that fri because trail of lies and the storm are playing in cuse, then f&i sat."	0							
1	this may be the sickest movie ever.. black forest now fairies? #wow  #iwantone	-1							
1	ha!  dont panic on all-star game just yet.  could be still in play. tomorrow is the day to worry about that.	1							
1	rick stein has set up his camp in spain - according to saturday kitchen. state the obvious why dont you :-)	0							
1	"photo: oct 28, 2012 eunhae @ icn to nanjing looks like the fish was feeling possessive >_>"	0							
1	jam at the blue diamond. tomgrant band will thrill and delight patrons and jammers alike. good excuse to get out of the house. ne 20th&sandy	1							
1	"tuesday! boston cream, zombie toffee, snickerdoodle, neapolitan, s'mores, strawberry red velvet, black forest and the standards."	0							
1	"just finished making a possible pre game cd for tomorrow nights game against bob jones, thats how ready i am for the game #goodnight"	1							
1	tonight was awesome i love the richwood students. can't wait to meet more tomorrow. :) #jfk2mts	1							
1	randy lynch at oscars this friday night with his band black list.	0							
1	"tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10"	0							
1	one of the clients had it today. we get it tomorrow. i'm hoping i notice unlike hd tv!	0							
1	hey would you mind like tomorrow answering some questions about god and christianity for me i'm trying to understand it all and >	0							
1	i need to see jeremy evans on roni turiaf all over the place tomorrow.	0							
1	it just started last night. meryl streep's daughter is the main character (ie meredith) 1st episode was quite good.	1							
1	"want to have the happiest baby on the block?  come to whole foods in westport, ct wednesday may 9th @ 7:30 and hear maryanne farrell"	0							
1	looking for a ticket for the west ham v southampton game on the 20th! preferably in the bobby moore lower! #helpmeout	0							
1	no the pottstown game is the 19th....get it together davie	-1							
1	1st fight on the main card is about to begin..  randall bailey and  devon alexander #boxing #brooklynboxing	0							
1	"on monday, several voters complained that their electronic ballot machine cast the wrong vote in greensboro nc"	0							
1	hey are you going to blue diamond tomorrow? and are you driving? o:	0							
1	"3rd down, preds kept us out of the end zone.  going for the field goal"	0							
1	glad tomorrow is my last day at the skate center . working one day a week is a joke ! lol . #gottafindanewjob	1							
1	"liverpool, champions of the carling cup last season, now kicked out in just the 3rd round of the competition 3-1 by swansea at anfield."	0							
1	george zimmerman made his first appearance in public on friday as he and his wife shellie have been in hiding in...	0							
1	i is going to bed. don't feel good :(  but i'm still dressing up as amy lee tomorrow for work(:	-1							
1	"our last draw for an hd tv is today, 24 feb., at noon. good luck, everyone! details to enter the #pplhdtv comp:"	1							
1	idk about thalia but i gotta work saturday :/	0							
1	unfortunately not but i did get to tune in to saturday kitchen in the hotel.	-1							
1	soccer saturday with our son. they're playing the hardest team in the league. then the all-star game. #proudparents	1							
1	"may god wil make him cure asap, n give a long long lyf"	0							
1	"this vote for gameday bit is preposterous lol. texas a&m and nc state have 300,000+ votes, nebraska is 3rd with just 30,000.... mn has 68..."	0							
1	james martin makes flowerpot bread on sat kitchen did he steal the idea from  ??	0							
1	good morning gavin! welcome to my country. have a good time in gampel. sorry can't make it tonight but will see you monday :)	1							
1	"right north london derby is on my birthday nov 17th, now you all know what to get me for my birthday. #arsenal"	0							
1	"toni gonzaga is all smiles here in legazpi!!  (snapshot from the video i took, swerte ni kuya, may pic w/ toni g)"	1							
1	we goin to spend the day at my job tomorrow ( jungle island )	0							
1	up all night live is on september 28th on nick to all you aussie directioners :)	1							
1	"jan with the new cat at royal,star and garter #solihull"	0							
1	glenn hoddle says striker emmanuel adebayor may struggle to get into the tottenham team after jermain defoe's fine display against reading.	0							
1	it feels like everything is about to fall through for friday:/ danica has been sick.. megan is sick.. and... this stinks	-1							
1	\allencarlanz:  will be on sarah g live this sunday. don`t forget to watch :3. she will have her first ever duet with sarah g. :p	1							
1	"yeah best way! yeah i had my first one on 6th, 2 days after my birthday. it's really good! love it! went on a1 yesterday xx"	1							
1	in zimmerman! c'mon. and then she was talking to jenny about the retreat like she was there and she wasn't!	0							
1	tomorrow venus is gonna eclipse with the sun! watch out for it guys!	0							
1	"according to state farm, missouri ranks 15th nationally among the states where motorist are most likely to hit a..."	0							
1	my car ride to school tomorrow>>> #mexicans<3   and estella :) im the only white girl	0							
1	#horseracing breeders' cup will be televised saturday for the first time in prime time! you won't want to miss it @ 8pm edt on nbc.	0							
1	george zimmerman will face court june 10th for the murder of trayvon martin.	0							
1	arrival of ship: arabian tahr port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 6:11am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app...	0							
1	"can't open the link, is it ferry corsten in december?"	-1							
1	"jaa ik mag, maareh kan je zaterdag stad? want heb die h&m card nog en die is t/m 29 april geldig x"	0							
1	"ignore that, just go to ticketek, make sure you are a member (and signed in) and at 9am tomorrow, they will go on sale"	0							
1	obama said that trayvon martin could be his \son\.... stands to reason he obama may have even more sons....	0							
1	who's going to the big sean concert tomorrow at the liacouras center?	0							
1	"worse thing about saturday morning tv! the omelette challenge - pointless and annoying tv, even james martin looks bored!"	-1							
1	1 november 1968. george harrison released the soundtrack \wonderwall.\ he was the first beatle to release a solo album.	0							
1	i love how the #knicks get a good center for the 1st time since ewing & all of a sudden the  gets rid of allstar voting for the position	-1							
1	tottenham are without several big names for tonight's [thursday] match at stadion ljudski vrt. emmanuel adebayor (cont)	0							
1	jake from state farm is going to get a lot of calls on monday morning #lifeinsurance #hauntedcoliseum	0							
1	i think i will take kermit with me tomorrow & make them talk directly to him during the meeting. (i'm bringing creepy back)	0							
1	we got tickets for the late show with david letterman which will air tonight!  look for us in the 3rd row.  billy crystal is the guest.	0							
1	don't forget to see 'the exorcist' at the fox theatre on tuesday! there's nothing like seeing it on the big screen.	1							
1	enjoy your networking? cocktails with pandas or beers at adelaide oval on the agenda at #innovationgeneration	1							
1	chillin in traffic listening to wiz. taylor allderdice is my favorite mix tape of his. actually it may be in my top 10 period	1							
1	echo entertainment news: jade wright previews the best programmes on tv tonight (thursday): anyone who accuses c...	1							
1	"hey come to tallahassee saturday. good, it's decided then."	1							
1	16th birthday at garner. i gave her a face full of chocolate for her birthday. she gave it	0							
1	"holy crap, i just found my 8th grade binder...no, wait. it's meryl streep. she's so versatile."	1							
1	"miss! robbie keane gets on the end of a david beckham cross from the right, but his header is just over in the 19th minute."	0							
1	negros at richwood do sh-t like : fw/ the same hoes & bet who gone hit her 1st o_o	-1							
1	excited to hang out with rae & laurin tomorrow. :)	1							
1	"october 19, 2012 book news: 20,000 turn out for the southern festival of books what do keith richards and margar..."	0							
1	- just bought tickets to see paul rudd and co. on december 23rd.. don't go on vacation until after the show!!	1							
1	"top 10 father's day gift ideas for the dad who is a cleveland indians fan: cloud expo was announced on february 24,..."	0							
1	it's tuesday night in athens! aka karaoke night at the volstead so come see me!!	1							
1	"well, it's monday again folks :-/ start of week 4 at ou! but, it's a new week in salem & port charles! woo! #days #gh! morning all! :)"	1							
1	tell your friends tell your family tell your mama!!! hey don't forget friday the 21st @ 5:00 harold washington...	0							
1	"i'm going to roger sanchez at factory in toronto, canada - dec 7"	0							
1	"colby robak gets credit for 2nd assist on rampage first goal. 1-1 tie, aeros in san antonio, halfway through the first."	0							
1	"br wednesday, natchitoches thursday, fort worth friday-- it's been real, but ready to get back to the flats #homestretch"	0							
1	"state unveiled their snow bowl uni's 5 weeks ago. tonight, some greenville viewers heard words mullen spoke about them from september 26th"	0							
1	when trayvon touched my shoulder in 7th period and tried to hide like it wasn't him >> lmfao you can see his tall ass anywhere!	-1							
1	jeremy evans may have just completed the 2012-2013 nba play of the year and its only preseason. video to come shortly. rip ronny turiaf.	0							
1	"119 unread emails to go! if everyone can just agree to not email me today, i could have these read by the time i fly to tallahassee tomorrow"	0							
1	freaky knight iii going down this friday at fox theatre in salinas. dm me for tickets and info. #dontsleeponthisone	0							
1	"indeed you may, or you can have the little warbler who flew all the way from siberia only to hit the lighthouse on bardsey..."	0							
1	yep turner house ! i won't know my roommate til the aug 8 .	0							
1	\ i luv seein all the thik sexy footballers return 2 the gridiron 2day!\ <--*this* and the #sporno that is nfl combine in feb!	1							
1	fm preview: derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as...	0							
1	#ramadan #mubarak to all #muslims who have began early. may allah bless our souls now and forever with good deeds.	1							
1	movie night with the kids at church! watching the lorax! couldnt thing of a better way to spend my friday night!	1							
1	"galaxy tune up for whitecaps, sounders fall to 3rd: mike magee scored on a pass from robbie keane in the 83rd mi..."	0							
1	"the sun had now completely risen, and the whole facade of granite house became illuminated by its rays; but in the interior as well as on t"	0							
1	arrival of ship: mataf pride port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 5:44am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel appr...	0							
1	i'm listening to taylor allderdice all day tomorrow.	0							
1	departure of ship: ams 111 port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 4:47am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approa...	0							
1	the exchange club of winona and the eagles club will be hosting taters for tots to raise money for child abuse prevention on october 31st...	0							
1	brandenberg for three. 91-32. the 5 guys that practice with the wbb team may get in this game at this rate #letsgovcu	0							
1	yes! both  and oneil told me not to come in unless it's gone tomorrow haha	0							
1	gonna be on the news tomorrow. i'm going to be the girl wearing the big time rush shirt. :d	0							
1	i'll be in the valley for a meeting tomorrow at 11. anyone wanna quick catchup before or after?	0							
1	"my daughter celebrated her 3rd birthday, & we wanted to do it in honor of trayvon."	1							
1	i'm going to ace my anatomy test tomorrow!	1							
1	"the 1st academy awards ceremony, presented by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences (ampas), honored..."	0							
1	two of the shows from our bethnal green tour this sat  and  are featured in   freebie!	0							
1	"sept 8 las vegas hard rock, randall \the ko king\ bailey vs devon alexander. 37 year old bailey looking good in his 4 win streak."	1							
1	has to be the hat-trick against manu....and in a very close 2nd the carling cup final goal :o)	1							
1	"in her session at the 11th international cloud expo, lauren cotugno, distinguished technologist, cloud consultin..."	0							
1	ate danica thank you so much you make may day happy ate pwede po ba makuha number mo ???? :))	1							
1	"cup game this sunday, away at hamsey rangers - 10.30 k/o. tickets available on the gate on online through the ssfc website! #ssfc #cuprun"	0							
1	"oh god, i want bioshock infinite right now. february is far, far too long to wait."	1							
1	"after months of contemplation, i will unveil my remix to \ni**as in paris\ on the 23rd live."	0							
1	november 10 & 11. opening/closing show tix are $25 through ticketek. for the other shows it's just a gold coin on the day :)	0							
1	#trayvon my daily tweet(s) 10/17 and 10/18 in memory of trayvon martin - killed 236 days ago.~may you rest in peace~ (love to the family)	0							
1	"yes father how are you? i'm all well, haha sun is always out, you know what that leads to. hows future bobby moore getting on?"	1							
1	"i watched sarah g live again, i noticed @ d end na may disiplina talaga ang mga  nag-aantayan sila ng turn to go to sg. luv it"	1							
1	"fashion against aids collection by h&m is hitting the stores on thursday,and we've already made our top10 selection"	0							
1	arsenal fixtures out...i am going to target nov 17 for my trip to emirates.  north london derby...vs the spuds. #liverintraining	0							
1	"do you n  fany stamford on sat? lou is coming, get eddy involved aswell!  is doing her famous tagine!"	0							
1	game night at the oneil household tomorrow  #bethere	0							
1	"have trina call me when you get there, i'm tryna go by there tomorrow"	0							
1	if exo-m is going to nanjing tomorrow... black-haired lu han? owo	0							
1	the lights will go out at gampel and calhoun will slide to midcourt on a wire saturday to try to fire up the crowd.	0							
1	rampage forward greg rallo ties the game at 2-2 at 4:25 of the 2nd period. howden and shore with the assists.	0							
1	"it'll be my 6th jean dujardin movie i own on dvd, lol i have a problem. :p"	0							
1	decent woot deals on hd tv's here till the 18th   via	1							
1	gonna watch goon for the 27th time now	0							
1	you came from palawan right? just came from there with danica!! saw josh lao last sat in the airport & he told me! :)	0							
1	everyone come the the volleyball game at east tomorrow before the football game! #playoffs2012	0							
1	sunday afternoon with amy lee on amfm till 4pm. when i hand over to hit 40 uk with mark james.	0							
1	tomorrow venus will transit across the sun.  it won't happen again for a century.  programme about it on bbc2 at 9 tonight.   #spacefact	0							
1	how do like the idea of \monday night daytona 500\?	0							
1	high line on lower west ny is gorgeous. hope architect can do something similarly great with olympic park.	1							
1	get to know amy lee! want to know more about evanescence's leading lady amy lee? amy sat down to answer some of...	0							
1	first reviews of lincoln: steven spielberg is the one to beat at the oscars | herald sun:	0							
1	why all y'all going to nca tomorrow? it ain't gone solve nothing . just create another problem.	-1							
1	they will have the last laugh when we get to the carling cup final.. result may vary.	0							
1	"right, the 2nd tweet is better, but i'm at harold washington..."	1							
1	at the greensboro comedy zone working on material i might use tomorrow during the 2nd round of the ultimate comic competition	0							
1	george zimmerman is scheduled to go on trial june 10th for the shooting death of 17-year-old trayvon martin.	0							
1	"so excited! halloween, ian anderson w/my mom at the fox theatre on saturday, and then election day, in which i will be a nervous wreck, lol!"	1							
1	"big 4 with kevin, deniesse, devine, and ryan sa kick off ng pbb teen edition 4 on sunday, april 8 at 9pm.#excitedmuch!!!#biggelontv"	1							
1	ya for sure it's on 28th and ost starts at 1043 but really not till 11 lol	1							
1	(schedule) exo-m will be going to nanjing tomorrow; but there is no specific time.	0							
1	yeaa! 3rd place! congrats!  end of the game! indonesia warriors 92 - 85 singapore slingers! thanks for the supports superriors!	1							
1	"the next morning, the 8th of january, after a day and night passed at the corral, smith and ayrton returned to granite house."	0							
1	tonight: a show in dc. tomorrow: greensboro nc! it's been too long since i've performed. so exited to see everyone and play the new tunes!	1							
1	need a break from studying? come to  kickball tournament tomorrow at 4:30-6:30pm! behind the jc>>>be there! :)	1							
1	"preparing a saturday roast, meanwhile rick stein criticises modern film on the telly. the world has gone slightly backwards."	0							
1	"sandy has passed by, and the cathedral close was only lightly touched (whew), so yes, ncs will be open tomorrow,..."	1							
1	"get the skinny on metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22, price is $499: good news for metropcs custom..."	1							
1	"#pacers extend their biggest lead of the game with a paul george jumper. up 10 pts, 48-38, with 2:03 left 1st half!"	1							
1	members: we will be helping at the polls tomorrow and saturday as greeters. if interested we are working at garner until 7 tomorrow	0							
1	"in nyc. do i wanna see 5x tony winner, peter & the starcatcher or paul rudd on stage on thurs?"	0							
1	"we're not sure if pottstown is having halloween. borough hall phone is out of order. nearby limerick, pa having it fri."	-1							
1	nfl ticket at the eagles club presents the thursday night contest steelers and titans	0							
1	arrival of ship: nms 202 port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 6:21am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approach...	0							
1	"rum chata hot chocolate, thin mints, and netflix. this is how you do saturday night."	1							
1	eto o! the ultimate multimedia star on #sarahglive for the 1st time! :) toni gonzaga!!! :d happy8thmonthsarysarahglive	1							
1	metropcs first to market with 4g rich communication services: metropcs may not be the largest wireless carrier -...	-1							
1	on sunday come to  - jason vernau - say \travis's list\ at the door for free entry 4pm-midnight or reduced $10 midnight-2am	0							
1	"god he's a daft thing! he (merlin) is not very bright sometimes! she (circe) apparently sat there washing her paws, ignoring him! #girls"	-1							
1	#middleschoolmemories when i went to marana for the last 2 months of 8th grade i got sent to iss everyday.	0							
1	so glad i'm not going back to woodlands tomorrow! looking forward to joseph wright!	1							
1	don't forget that the exclusive screening of skyfall takes place this thursday at cineplex oasis mall.red carpet...	0							
1	"join richard, estella, sophia, tj, and erwin this friday at the ccp! tickets: p600/p800 (vip). contact 09109839513 now!"	0							
1	"this was on the 30th of october, and consequently the castaway of tabor island had been a prisoner in granite house for nine days."	0							
1	not that far yet but would prob start the 1st night of the roxy	0							
1	alright my friend  saw this hot blonde alex girl from chardon at the game friday. and he wants to know who it is.	1							
1	.  4a boys soccer playoffs on saturday: wilmington new hanover at garner with a 5 pm start confirmed	0							
1	exclusive interview with james martin in our jan/feb issue. want to promote your valentines menu or any jan offers? e:craigmaplesden	0							
1	is having a show nov 10th @ the house of blues friends or anybody hmu if u want to go thanks :)	0							
1	wow ! just found out that jeff timmons will come to malaysia on 16 oct for a week & his wedding ceremony will be held on the 21st in kl!! xx	1							
1	if got a pimple the size of jupiter's 12th moon on my forehead! fml!	-1							
1	what will happen to #portchuck if port charles voters vote to change the name of the city to port pine view on the nov 6th referendum?	0							
1	there is still time to register and find your red dress for tomorrow's rampage!  get on it!	1							
1	at the end of the third the new mexico stars lead the wichita wild 39-34. any guesses how the 4th quarter will shake out?	0							
1	dealbook: clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum - sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a sta...	0							
1	h&m's fashion against aids collection is available on april 26th. 25% of the sale price goes to aids prevention.	0							
1	the disco balls are being polished...are you ready!?! this thursday night! join us at the adrienne arsht center...	0							
1	"angelito casts and pbbunlimited big4 with kevin, divine, deniesse and ryan are guests tomorrow night sa kick off. - adm."	0							
1	"mommy said i have to go to maxwell monday , lmfaoooo the fuck i don't"	-1							
1	"30 free tickets to watch saigon heat vs singapore slingers in singapore,4pm apr 29 for the first 30 fans email to community"	0							
1	jason vernau live  march 16 th 2012 miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera & friends by	0							
1	"star's office hours are in scc room 324 sunday and monday: 1-8pm, tuesday-thursday 1-9pm come talk to us about anything!"	0							
1	"the perfect storm (with george clooney) v. the day after tomorrow (with jake gyllenhaal, dennis quaid) -- #sandy more comparable to ..."	0							
1	ferry corsten at digital tomorrow. let's go and rave it up. #punk #yardofcocktail #liquid	1							
1	so excited for these upcoming shows! its time to get halloweird!   10/27(tomorrow night) @ the fox theatre w/...	1							
1	1st time i bring my phone to harold washington & it goes off! :/	-1							
1	"in her hands-on workshop session at the 11th international cloud expo, diane mueller, the cloud evangelist for a..."	0							
1	"hey #redarmy, vote for your  to be part of the all-star game on december 22! go the south!"	0							
1	doing two keynotes in #kc tomorrow  . goint to #nascar today.  i want to see if i can sit shotgun with danica patrick.	0							
1	no problem. are you going to be at the rising stars game on saturday?	1							
1	"has ny budy have idea about at when we will receive study material for the bca 2nd year for which the exam will held in december, pls advise"	0							
1	#trayvon my daily tweet (10-27) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 245 days ago ~may you rest in peace~ (we must never forget you.)	1							
1	i'm going to watch eurosong! croatia is 10th ;) so vote for croatia!!!	1							
1	any joey fans that want a cover for all nns wins may take this.	1							
1	yall niggas must have a different version of taylor allderdice. i'm on the 3rd track and already wanna turn this shit off again	-1							
1	/: i'm going to philadelphia saturday morning. & i have a volleyball game tomorrow night.	0							
1	"the lorax paid us a surprise visit, checking the place out for saturday. come meet him 11/3 from 10-2!"	1							
1	will you be joking the naugles to be for dinner on saturday night at olive garden for kayla jos b-day...	0							
1	"i never had a good time, i sat by my bedside, with papers & poetry about estella."	-1							
1	happy monday! stop by volare tonight for roasted duck!  half roasted crispy duck served with baby spinach and...	1							
1	#trayvon my daily tweet (9-09) in memory of trayvon martin- killed 197 days ago. ~may you rest in peace~ (praying and hoping for the family)	0							
1	i'm pretty sure in 7th grade i tripped on that same debate stage getting an award at the university of denver - small world #denver debate	0							
1	oh c'mon. theres like two whole weeks between the superbowl and the daytona 500. that's all the quality time i have to offer.	0							
1	excited for  and  opening essex tonight! any bar with homemade thin mints is my favorite	1							
1	rick stein reckons tuna is like roast beef to the japanese. anyone for tuna with yorkshire pudding & sunday roast? #goodfoodchannel	0							
1	tuesday's rainfall @ bdr was 0.64\ which is a record for the date.	0							
1	"i'm going to cypress hill at open air gampel festival in gampel, switzerland - aug 18"	0							
1	sat in a boozer in bethnal green listening to the dj play   - i think i like it at about 138bpm.	1							
1	"whoever replies 1st with the correct answer wins 4 tickets for sesame street live, sat 10:30am performance at rupp, and an elmo plush doll."	0							
1	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday	0							
1	its friday people!!! get that kermit the frog cycling feelin ;)	0							
1	congratulations rona for the 5th place in eurosong contest.you deserve much than this<3	1							
1	"you may find this hard to believe, but viola davis was a troublemaker back in the day. see..."	-1							
1	zimmerman to appear in court: a notice to appear was filed thursday in the case against george zimmerman.	0							
1	on the net looking to buy a house in rosedale by april at least 4bdrms n 2full baths	0							
1	"haha! well i was kinda hoping to see lou tomorrow night so don't think i'm going to, but if she's busy then i might aswell!"	1							
1	queen's brian may says freddie mercury biopic is on the way. sacha baron cohen will play the role of mercury.  via	0							
1	tune into  for live coverage of tonight's nns race.  starts 5th in the 200-lap event. #nascar	0							
1	4th floor cypress you don't half see some funny looking dress sense #spanish	-1							
1	giants 3rd-round pick failed drug test at nfl combine: jayron holsey knew it would hurt him bec...  #newyork #sports	-1							
1	"1st up, obama on that poster with that caption??? trayvon had parents just like dad on the right. like they don't grieve?"	0							
1	"the film independent spirit awards take place each year right off the ocean in sunny santa monica, calif"	0							
1	who's going to a$ap rocky on sunday at house of blues?	0							
1	potential upset alert: the wichita wild only trail the allen wranglers  27-33 with 2:33 left in the 3rd quarter.	0							
1	my moms under the hilarious impression that i'm spending my saturday loading & unloading furniture from trailers in natchitoches	1							
1	"aw thanks lou, im getting it out tomorrow tho ahaa x"	1							
1	"police fear ivan leach, also known as lee cyrus carried out a very serious sexual assault in tayside, scotland, since he absconded on oct 9"	-1							
1	imagine danica and danielle meeting  on friday and the feeling you get to say that you helped out. #amazing #jbmeetdanica	1							
1	"your helicopter may be wicked, but your billy crystal is gonna be the  #going2bgreat"	0							
1	uploading random pics! lol this is me last sunday at a show at the adrienne arsht center!	0							
1	it's monday night football wrangler nation!  game time 7:05pm vs. the wichita wild!  get your tickets now to cheer...	1							
1	i sure hope the skate center plays decent music tomorrow	0							
1	celebrity saturday ! this is great tea good have around especially if you are going to be at the oscars	1							
1	we're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow (nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at...	1							
1	"i can't wait for the sunderland vs newcastle, 3rd best derby in england, after manchester and north london derby. i'd prefer a newcastle win"	1							
1	you competing in la? i'm playing a show in la with ar on friday night! come hang out! we are at \on the rox\ above the roxy!	1							
1	i'll cry with you. i'm having problems not being salty about this alive tour tomorrow. i can't even listen to any big bang.	-1							
1	"captain america, angus young ac/dc, and kermit the frog. levi, mad-dog, and i did work. one more tomorrow."	0							
1	don't want to depress rl folk but daily mail reporting 82k sellout for eng v fiji at twickers on sat week. broader vision or deeper pockets?	-1							
1	george clooney may cast 'artist' star jean dujardin in his next film 'the monuments men' . us army team chases down art stolen by the nazi's	0							
1	aussie directioners! if you didnt already know there's a one direction xfactor special on tv next thursday!	0							
1	fatal rollover near richwood: a fatal rollover was reported wednesday morning on county road 34 just east of ric...	0							
1	"i want to be here  \the greatest hits tour - blue, jeff timmons of 98 degrees,a1\ on feb 25... :|"	1							
1	sprint offers to buy stake in clearwire: sprint nextel corp. said thursday that it had offered t...  #washingtonnews	0							
1	"auburn will square off with ucf, texas a&m, ohio st, lsu, tennessee, texas tech and houston in the women's finals of the 4x1 at 12:05 on fri"	0							
1	"not here in the east:( though...moon, jupiter, capella light up evening sky on november 1 | tonight | earthsky"	-1							
1	recapping the 27th annual film independent spirit awards: actress penelope ann miller took the stage early a... http	0							
1	okay but you need to go to berkmar so we can see each other everyday and it could be like 7th grade.	1							
1	"just 5 days left for the e! red carpet live jewelry fashion show!saturday, november 4. rsvp seating is limited!..."	0							
1	"alan pardew comparing colloccini to bobby moore is like comparing wanking to sex, everybody knows that the 2nd choices are 10x better"	1							
1	"indeed, on the 2nd, peals of thunder were heard, the wind blew from the east, and hail rattled against the facade of granite house like vol"	0							
1	"in mommy's phone want her to have a happy birthday. you may reference it as \happy birthday ladybug\ if you like, one of her many nicknames."	1							
1	"bright moonlight later may hamper auroral observations, but jupiter and the moon are very close tonight."	0							
1	"looking fwd to my 14s first hit out against dv tonight. derby tmrw, rest sunday, birthday monday. i can smell you long weekend it's so good"	1							
1	"tomorrow shift is at 11:30 am to 08:30 pm . after work , i'm going to h&m for awhile . and , is it still open ?"	0							
1	interview with h&m tomorrow at half 12. me nerves.	0							
1	who's going to zimmerman on saturday?	0							
1	my previous tweet just reminded me that my 5th grade choir class sang \all-star\ by smash mouth. can't decide if that was a win or a fail.	-1							
1	"team news: moussa dembele, emmanuel adebayor and gareth bale will all miss the game tomorrow against maribor. #thfc"	0							
1	envy everyone going to the big bang shows tomorrow and saturday. ;_;	0							
1	glad im going to greenville tomorrow night tho	1							
1	im only a few months away from leaving 8th grade and i alrady know wat university im going to to   its going to be the university of denver	0							
1	"tomorrow venus will pass in front of the sun. it will b a small dot, if u happen to look at the sun."	0							
1	go to ferry corsten on sunday at sutra i'm going !!!!	0							
1	: pit road speed limits are the major cause of fuel mileage racing. the king's 7th daytona 500 win is the only mileage race prior	0							
1	so i haven't seen this friend since 7th grade and i just found out she's in the covina band! they go to utah!	0							
1	#nowplaying linkin park - lost in the echo. i probably haven't listened to them since the 5th grade but this song is actually pretty good.	1							
1	can you all send get well soon messages to tressa she is the co-owner and she broke her leg and tomorrow is her birthday	0							
1	"coming to greenville tomorrow for my last few days in sc, then it's west coast shawwty"	0							
1	departure of ship: jumbo spirit port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 4:49am (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel a...	0							
1	"we many not to get watch any nhl games, but we can watch evgeni malkin and alex ovechkin in the khl!"	0							
1	mayoroflondon: join in tomorrow at the exciting london children's book swap events for families who love to read #ld...	1							
1	i think fashionpulis is just using toni gonzaga para mas marami magbasa ng site niya. parang every month may false story siya about toni !	-1							
1	christianity isn't just a sunday thing	0							
1	reruns of big bang theory > cma awards. everyday of the week & twice on sunday.	0							
1	arrival of ship: sham port: abu dhabi time: nov 1 2012 6:27pm (utc) (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approaches ...	0							
1	back and forth at baylor ballpark. dan evatt 2 rbi single gives #baylor a 6-5 lead over texas a&m in the bottom of the 6th.	0							
1	"cricket australia have downplayed ricky ponting's hamstring injury, saying he should be ready to play in the first test on nov 9. #cricket"	0							
1	sonic on ost is the worst place in 3rd ward!	-1							
1	a little 90s rock set crowd pic at jumby bay in jupiter.....saturday... we rock the thirsty turtle in port st lucie:)	0							
1	"home tomorrow. all i want is wedgewood, antones, quaker, amen, olive garden, and charley's."	0							
1	i think i am going to take this trip to raleigh on saturday!	0							
1	maby cuz u are sooo good at bowling and they are now scared from u :p  they got sick from u taking the 1st place everytime	1							
1	i think the tapes are march/april while soundwave is dec	0							
1	\ great to be 1st game on a sunday..i get to watch my fave show on tv..sarah g live\ magical night with sarah g.	1							
1	cold cold cold but the sun is rising over twickers.	0							
1	8th day on a flight to university of denver!! check out who is in the seat near the band!! they call him milton.	0							
1	here comes the sun is one of the best songs written by george harrison <3	1							
1	cbs2-a clip of the beautiful viola davis...guest on tomorrow's  watch at five! #thetalk	0							
1	yep. turner house room 456 on the 4th floor	0							
1	mtsu receiver falls down and the pass is incomplete....4th down. mtsu to punt from midfield	0							
1	nipsey hussle and dom kennedy this sat  you down?	0							
1	abc: ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for south australia in their sh...	-1							
1	"i never watch the oscars, but with seth macfarlane hosting, i may have to actively campaign to get other people to not watch them either."	-1							
1	good by  quickly punched out!rt  tippett saga turning more than 5th day wicket at the adelaide oval:	0							
1	"they were in 10th place and the hadn't acquired jeff carter yet, so not quite."	-1							
1	ferry corsten vs armin van buuren - brute (armin's illegal drum edit) c'mon make some noise!!!!!!!!!!!!	0							
1	dealbook: clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum: sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a ...	0							
1	"before you make plans for this friday night, check out this event benefitting bolder options rochester. it'll be..."	0							
1	member monday for prelim v crows from 9am-9pm today through ticketek. 4 tickets per barcode with max of 8 in a transaction. #always	0							
1	will ky play in rupp for the 2 and 3rd rounds of the tournament.  plz reply	0							
1	and wichita wild still tied 14-14 at the end of the 1st quarter.	0							
1	are you all ready for roger sanchez this friday at hq nightclub!!! hmu at 609-335-3062 for table reservations and details!!!!	1							
1	member monday for prelim v crows from 9am-9pm tomorrow through ticketek. 4 tickets per barcode with max of 8 in a transaction	0							
1	anyone going to the asap concert tomorrow?	0							
1	my tv just told me to go out tonight and be social and stay in tomorrow and have olive garden. mhmm.	0							
1	#happybirthdaykendallschmidt hopefully tomorrow we can also get #btronpcas trending! for big time rush! btr deserves it!	1							
1	looks like bj's skate center is the place to be in st joe on a friday night!	0							
1	klub ace!!! klub ace !!!!   this saturday!!!  $5  with ur college id til 11:30...south after party	0							
1	tomorrow is the last day i will see trayvon.</3	0							
1	#spurs striker emmanuel adebayor will miss thursday's #uel game against #lazio with a hamstring injury.	0							
1	"on the 17th of march the elevator was used for the first time, and after that everything was hoisted into granite house by its means."	0							
1	sun flower seeds are just to delicious	1							
1	the donkey show - friday the 13th is an exciting day for the adrienne arsht center of the performing arts in...	1							
1	special conference call tomorrow the 7th at 7:30 pst - 10:30 est featuring doug wead! doug is going to give us a...	1							
1	"on sunday please watch sarah g live, one of myrtle`s dream will come true - together with melai, myrtle will having a song number with sarah"	1							
1	live at the roxy on the 11th of november!!! get your tickets now!	0							
1	"keith richards means nothing to monday night and is awful, cant we all just forgive hank jr!?!"	-1							
1	great...we had tickets to see the preds on the 29th & now the games have been cancelled. #nhllockout	-1							
1	come join in all the fun at the great pumpkin hunt at rosedale gardens this saturday!	1							
1	hey nowt wrong with a bit of german cheese!!! i hoping they 2nd rammstein at download!!! #whatapair	0							
1	"tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10:"	0							
1	this saturday!  come see what it's like to train for the nfl combine at body space fitness.  click the link below...	0							
1	the show on sunday is at the house of blues in cleveland. the photo was taken at water street music hall in rochester :/ #happyhalloween	0							
1	"yeh looked sick, ahhh that's probably a no :( wont't get back from soundwave fest in croatia til the 25th!"	-1							
1	all black tonight . 1st carroll & richwood game ...	0							
1	"evgeni malkin doesn't play again until the 16th. this nhl lockout sucks, i can't watch games that are being played..."	-1							
1	world bank to lend to burma for the 1st time in 25 years - bbc news #burma	0							
1	fm preview: derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as...	0							
1	"don't eat until friday between the hours of 5-10 and go to ricks cafe in randolph to get food, ya dig?"	0							
1	"kevin bacon, paul rudd and 8 other stars to appear in friday the 13th or halloween movies: guess which famous fa..."	0							
1	may or may not be in the same building as viola davis right now #nbd	0							
1	the women's volleyball team will be playing in the semi-final playoff game tomorrow at 7pm against johnson and wales university.	0							
1	fucking stoked to hang out with my girl thalia tomorrow night. haven't seen her in ages.	1							
1	feel like more would've stayed if they just ran today's all-access first. sort of late to wait around for the 2nd one at rupp	0							
1	'really good day' as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on msn...	1							
1	i'm such a groupie...just watched the \ni**as in paris\ video---> 1st thing i said was...\i just ordered that snapback jay is wearing!!!	0							
1	asap....come to my house tomorrow and entertain me instead of everyone else going to the concert.	0							
1	damn rivergate skate center used 2 b the spot to b on friday the 13th.	0							
1	ferry corsten at space tonight ahhhhhhhhhh think i may just have to go for one after work ;)	0							
1	gareth bale has warned his side not to take norwich city lightly as the two sides prepare to battle in the capital one cup on wednesday.	0							
1	anyone heading to h&m on thurs to shop the fashion v aids collection? sneak peek here:  via	0							
1	"forget the garlic, the soup is disgusting! thanks for nothing, saturday kitchen."	-1							
1	jean dujardin may join the unlikely duo of leo dicaprio and jonah hill in the wolf of wall street.	0							
1	there are still spots available for \happiest baby on the block\ this sunday!	1							
1	"golf is the camilla parker bowles in our relationship. and yes, two!! u heard i'm going freelance? 1st order of business!"	0							
1	some guy served his food on a frickin big pebble on saturday kitchen. just put it on the floor why don't you?	0							
1	lipa 4:19  beat the bad weather join us for our taster sessions wed and thurs at joseph wright centre	1							
1	i'm happy my 1st showing is at 3pm today... ritz carlton... let's sell it! #tomiroseteam	1							
1	"great choices!!! i went to olympic park too, but if you're just there for the weekend, that may be pushin it!"	1							
1	thank you. now i just need to ace the theoretical midterm tomorrow.	1							
1	"i'm going to romeo santos at estadio olimpico in santo domingo, dominican republic - dec 15"	0							
1	petrolia art in the park is tomorrow and saturday!  we will be set up in front of mercantile co.  on petrolia line across from the park!	0							
1	i guess i'll just sleep in martin's class tomorrow.. lol	0							
1	if you're tryna go north on iowa there's a bad accident down by 6th street...	-1							
1	"tomorrow is the deciding factor for the university of denver, excited to see what it's like from a student's perspective"	1							
1	nas takes over the london o2 arena on 19/03/2013! pre-sale tickets available here -  pre-sale ends tomorrow!	0							
1	"gundogg not good enough! we have a work night saturday in the four seasons, roger sanchez is playing at it!"	-1							
1	are having  day saturday. want to go? avs prospect michael clarke plays for windsor.	0							
1	today is the las day to buy big krit/ slim thugg tickets for their show in starkville tomorrow @ ricks cafe	0							
1	sport: calling all tayside football fans! the #wave102footballphonein kicks off at 6pm on wednesday! join the debate! #dufc #dfc #spl	0							
1	"millsap, al... favors is getting there and kanter will.  is jeremy evans your 5th? idk about that. if evans is legit, i think"	0							
1	#whiletwitterwasdown we were day dreaming about winning $1000 for 1st place at the  kickball tournament this saturday!	1							
1	and kris' airport runaway x3 \ tomorrow exo m will go to nanjing.. yeah! i'll see luhan's hair.. is it true that his hair now is bl	0							
1	"our 3rd winner who's won himself an exciting couple invite for the #divasofrock at vivanta by taj - blue diamond, pune is  !"	1							
1	"- grassroots racing at its best returns to marana on saturday, october 27, at the gladden farms 10k an"	1							
1	i just stumbled across a video montage on some tv channel of clips of camilla parker bowles set to uptown girl. so..that's my saturday. you?	0							
1	i'm going tuesday to the house of blues to see a$ap rocky	0							
1	"review : black friday 2012 maxxima mln-10 led night light with sensor (pack of 4):  find, shop, see reviews , bu..."	0							
1	'edgar davids pulled on his boots to lead bottom of league 2 barnet to their first win of the season on friday night'	0							
1	i'm bringing you a play to read on monday. you'll read it and love it. and meryl streep is going to be in the movie adaptation.	1							
1	tomorrow venus will transit the sun for the last time for the next 105 years. forecast - #weatherbomb	0							
1	"economic timeswashing hands will keep the doctor awaydawn.comislamabad, oct 15: the world bank's strategic environmental assessment r..."	0							
1	"just then, the day broke and the facade of granite house was illuminated by the rays of the rising sun."	1							
1	"on the surface, the film independent spirit awards and the academy awards don't appear to share much in common"	-1							
1	how to catch a star will be captivating children this friday at stantonbury campus. 2.30 show. see you all there	0							
1	icecream while i make  's birthday present for tomorrow! love you laurin!!	1							
1	"it official, i will not be flying to raleigh, nc tomorrow. i'm saddened. i pray my uppc family has an awesome time in the lord. #praying"	-1							
1	tracking texas a&m football players in the 2012 nfl draft: texas a&m may have the biggest surprise of the 2012 n...	1							
1	"mommy brought me some red velvet cupcakes! and im gonna play football tomorrow morning with daddy, bella, and jarvey! yayy family."	1							
1	wednesday's rain (0.01\) @ bdr brought the monthly total to 3.24\ which is still nearly a half-inch below normal (3.64\).	0							
1	bro \this nigga said zimmerman was charge with a 2nd degree murder. who he kill the 1st time?\ lol	-1							
1	also...sun belt barn burner on the u...mtsu just took a kick to the house to go up 34-27 on western kentucky  #mtsu	0							
1	a warm thursday for cenla with highs in the 80s for the sixth straight day. natchitoches and colfax led the way with 88.#kalb5	0							
1	8th as im going to eng v nz at twickers on the 1st	0							
1	"just like the sun and the stars and the sea ,true love will go on through eternity.sweetheart you are my super star.kisses,star"	1							
1	#sale mary green silk just married boyshort reviews: here is the one of best product may you have mary ...  #fashion	1							
1	"i regularly drink thwaites best at the welly on a monday. nectar.  in the fox @ twickers, utter shite."	0							
1	\ just watched the pursuit of happiness for the 1st time. i love it.\ good deeds by tyler perry is the girl version	1							
1	wow!! lady gaga is actually at the britney spears femme fatale concert tonight!!! she still listens to her music!!!! wow!!!	1							
1	"has spent a morning, admiring beyonce! now feel like i run the world!"	1							
1	mail in a lather over c4's scheduling of four lions to coincide with 10th anniversary of 9/11. too good a film for stunt scheduling i think.	1							
1	really enjoyed pj harvey tonight - contrary to expectations. even the black feather head-dress wasn't too ott.	1							
1	lloyd robertson set to sign off tonight after 41 years as a national news anchor.	0							
1	7-year-old signs with real madrid and will start september 6th just announced on  #what?	0							
1	my dad just told me he really wants to go see final destination 5 on friday. wow.. #wasntexpectingthat	1							
1	"+1 rt  wonderful  company and gr8 food in chinatown last night with tour guide  ,  & irene"	1							
1	"have you watched four lions? saw it again last night, love it. fuck mini babybels!"	1							
1	dude you definitely need to get a part in true blood. we had pole dancers again this year at the uk convention party tonight	1							
1	nature's own 'cloud' went head to head with amazon and microsoft on sunday...and won.   #cloud	0							
1	good morning   you can't stop me from buying the nokia n9 #meego #maemo	1							
1	watch latoya tonight on dr drew 8:00pm central time! what she thinks should happen to conrad murray!!!!	0							
1	"since the droid bionic is coming out on september 8, i really have some deciding to do between it and the supposed new iphone."	0							
1	steve jobs biography may be available in time for the ipad 3	0							
1	"i officialy hate windows 7, it just sucks on my laptop. back to xp tomorrow! (and also a huge delay for the movie again :/, was so close!)"	-1							
1	rt  britney: lady gaga's here tonight. me: what? *watches gaga the rest of the night *  me: who's concert was that ? i  ...	0							
1	rt  final destination 5? pretty sure \final\ means the last one...not the 5th one.	-1							
1	jersey shore begins in spain today !! i can't wait at the night !	1							
1	got email saying my copy of deus ex is on it's way. if it arrives tomorrow i will literally stay up all night playing it. no joke.	1							
1	"hmm.. sby deh. rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august"	0							
1	rt  i would kiss beyonce's pearl before i go too bedd every night if she wass my wife...	1							
1	just seen that four lions is on c4 on sunday night for anyone who hasn't seen it yet. so proud of my big brother; the associate producer :)	1							
1	"rt  rt  i've got one ticket to the michael jackson tribute gig for sale on oct 8th dm me for details,please rt!"	0							
1	"since yesterday unable restore vinculated accounts of hotmail,3 of them..whats the matter with microsoft?"	-1							
1	"rt  that's really sad, charlie rt \until tonight i never realised how fucked up i was\ - charlie sheen #sheenroast"	-1							
1	rt  alexis sanchez: \of course i'd like to play already on sunday against real madrid. it's true i wanted to join in the us. ...	1							
1	tomorrow is the elvis extravaganza! tune in to 97.1fm at 11am for all the elvis presley you can handle.  it's gonna be rockin'.	1							
1	listening to amy and lucien's attempts at 'communication' on last night's big brother ... i fear for the future of mankind sometimes.	-1							
1	"today opens the jersey shore season 4, this time in italy, at 21:30 on mtv"	0							
1	we are just preparing for #ios5 when steve jobs has us tweet everything! i hope you enjoy your day today! see you tomorrow!	0							
1	"rt  elvis presley's 34th death anniversary is on aug 16. shammi kapoor, the man they often called india's elvis presley"	0							
1	"if your still running windows xp, then it may be time to upgrade to windows 7 to ensure you receive latest upgrades and support in future"	0							
1	"rt  \end of time\ by beyonce, i heard it today and iim hooked, ahhhhhhhhhh i love it to the ultimate max!!!!!"	1							
1	"rt  boise state, chattanooga, embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight, congrats and welcome gentleme ..."	1							
1	the raiders play the cardinals today let's see how they start off pre-season. last yr they were weak af	0							
1	inbetweeners top ten moments tonight :d followed by their road trip. good night of t.v ahead!	1							
1	if anderson silva doesnt win tonight yushin okami wont make it out of brazil alive	-1							
1	michael jackson - hollywood tonight	0							
1	ahhhh! loving this new ic champion! wish i could see it happen this friday. ): crossing my fingers that he has a match at summerslam!	1							
1	"nurgh, there's a stack of new mta's that need to be dealt with but i just can't be dealing with the crappy new url thing today d:"	-1							
1	why not join us for breakfast this morning at 9am for the opening game of the 2011 rugby world cup as host nation new zealand play tonga	0							
1	hitting the night life with lady gaga #hustlehard	1							
1	#waok the sports kings: uga gets ready for boise state!: yesterday no. 19 georgia scrimmaged against the bull...	0							
1	will testdrive the new nokia n9 phone with our newest app starting on thursday :-)	0							
1	looking at the temp outside....hpw did it get hotter as the sun goes down???? feel like i'm in vegas just adding humidity	-1							
1	can't wait for september 6th the new season of sons of anarchy starts woo hoo :-)	1							
1	"six good reviews for the new deus ex. i'm going to pre-order it today, i've seen enough coverage to know it's going to be worth a look."	1							
1	"tomorrow is the 34th anniversary of elvis presley's death. i love you, rest in peace."	1							
1	terrible tragedy today in russia with the loss of a great khl team and an nhl great in pavol demitra	-1							
1	2nd goal barcelona would be proud of. cleverly isnt the future he's the present. sneijder coming soon... rt please :)	1							
1	"why horrible why does the rugby world cup have to be here in october? i'm gonna be battling my bday, soul punk and people running in circles"	-1							
1	i can't believe aaron carter is coming out with his 4th album tha carter iv	-1							
1	"almost forgot about celebrity juice tonight, oh my. what time is it on at guys?"	1							
1	dry by pj harvey is a brilliant record. i listened to the whole thing yesterday on a break from editing. #filmmaking	1							
1	"a quote from 23 yrs. ago today -- \republicans understand the importance of bondage between parent & child.\......man, i miss dan quayle."	0							
1	yeah united were quality though you have to admit! that 2nd goal was better than barcelona! :)	1							
1	"droid bionic is out today. if any pr reps will send one my way, i'll talk about it here there and..."	0							
1	"rt  dear followers, all i'm gonna do is tell jokes and make fun of republicans tonight. it's how i cope. you've been warned!"	0							
1	tiger woods is awful. luckily for him his terrible golf is only going to be seen on tgc today and not cbs - where everyone can see.	-1							
1	rt  i can stamp on friday its goin be endless people at the movies to see final destination 5	0							
1	was planning on going out tomorrow night until i heard rumours that  will be on celebrity juice! #cantmissthat	1							
1	wwooo fasho! u know i gotchu! ima c u in vegas on the 21st blud!	1							
1	"day 3 in the big brother house and it's ingleton waterfalls trail today, promises some amazing scenery!"	1							
1	rt  republicans thought they were smart to move obama's speech but he'll now have a bigger audience thurs. because he'll  ...	0							
1	rumour has it the nokia n9 is coming to 3 in september? true?	0							
1	"microsoft issues critical patch for windows 7, vista users: microsoft issues light patch tuesday, with just one..."	0							
1	"cant wait to rock \apologize\ by one republic  & \jesus freak\ by dc talk tonight      gettin redy to rock sasabo, japan"	1							
1	what are two doing for the steelers game tomorrow?	0							
1	boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against #gop2012 debate. what? same time as packers-saints #nfl opener?!?	-1							
1	"excuse me while i spend my last saturday of the summer making cds, watching netflix, and chillin in the woman cave #legit #crazy #woah"	0							
1	rt  really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell \i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take  ...	-1							
1	"rt  remember in 2008 when obama said he would fundamentally transform the usa? with the debt downgrade on friday, we are  ..."	0							
1	"today on the jasmine brand: lil wayne says atl crowd sux, beyonce in part 2 of wtt trailer + rihanna straddles old man"	0							
1	"dtn usa: charlie sheen's 'winning' ways get roasted: he may have looked like he was \winning,\ but actor c..."	-1							
1	i would be surprised if tha carter iv was anything greater than shit...hope i'm proved wrong but the 1st 3 singles are doo doo	-1							
1	just realized facebook is using bing maps now..   i guess it makes sense given that they're partly owned by microsoft.	0							
1	can't wait to see my ravens beat the steelers tomorrow.	1							
1	"rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. #infobiz |"	0							
1	"rt    either of you la guys going to summerslam on sunday? i'll be around, but not at the show."	0							
1	"rt  tonight on ctv news at 6, i'll have a conversation with lloyd robertson as he prepares to anchor ctv national news for th ..."	0							
1	"boehner tells obama that sorry, the house is all booked up for sept 7, maybe you can come another day..."	-1							
1	rt  today has been an awesome day! one of the google engineers posted a tutorial video from our  site!  ...	1							
1	"kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august"	0							
1	gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday	-1							
1	tomorrow is gonna be like the super bowl for the ravens vs. steelers game	1							
1	rt  rt  rt  retweet if you're ready for big brother tonight! #teamjorchel #bb13 #cbsbigbrother can't w ...	0							
1	i swear when  carter iv to drop on the 29th.. music artists beware. \you are now watching a master at work\	1							
1	damn it nyc mta sign where were you saturday night?	-1							
1	lmao! hope cm punk does him. surely will with it his last match before summerslam? is it next sunday?	1							
1	camp notebook day 10: the raiders took the field for their 10th practice of training camp and started to prepare for...	0							
1	netflix?? rt  i'm watching the original x-men cartoons i used to watch on saturday mornings....#throwback #iamhappyagain	1							
1	"can't believe the 1st season is almost over! i luv every episode, but my ultimate favorite has to be \24 hours in barcelona.\"	1							
1	build a nation heard it today for the first time....*fist pump in the air* rt who run the world remix with nicki minaj	0							
1	i'm bout to just listen to nicki minaj all night	0							
1	i think i got a date with my boo irene tonight...ima have to change her name to hercules she so strong...lol	1							
1	coming up next....the main event of the evening....anderson silva vs yushin okami...	0							
1	"as many of you know, my bill to phase out the mta payroll tax passed the senate on june 15th. speaker silver..."	0							
1	rt  the raiders are on the field for their tueday afternoon practice as they get ready to face arizona thursday night in oakland.	0							
1	rt  opening ceremony fri 8.30 amnz v tonga 9.15am oh v happy as he has friday off  &lt;yay. might make anzac biscuits #rwc	1							
1	#ufc  yushin okami isn't just anderson silva's opponent saturday night - he's the only... -	0							
1	once again democrats spent all night and this morning trying to talk down the stock market...whatever happens there can be no blank check!	-1							
1	"yayyy!!! rt :  nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to #16 on the official uk top 40 :)"	1							
1	"this week marks the 34th anniversary of the death of elvis presley.  elvis died in memphis on august 16, 1977 at..."	0							
1	it's a stretch but i'm picking yushin okami tomorrow. think anderson's athletic prime has passed and okami's cashing in at the right time.	1							
1	yeah i no but on the bright side i just got a letter from boise state yesterday :)	1							
1	"rt  last night i had a dream that i made it to the vma's , & i was on 106&park talking about my album coming out. time t ..."	0							
1	sons of anarchy may be one of the greatest shows on tv right now. thanks  and netflix	1							
1	dindin at my fav restaurant with the boy. now watching season 3 of sons of anarchy. perfect way to end the night.	1							
1	update me on shores when u get the chance. btw- i finished 5th in japan open weight.	0							
1	morrison and truth tonight? i thought that match would be at summerslam. oh well. #raw	0							
1	you know what? vampire diaries starts in germany on monday! i can't wait!	1							
1	"steve jobs: source:  --- sunday, august 14, 2011\you can't just ask customers what they wa..."	0							
1	great game...tremendous way to start the season. bring it on and next sunday real madrid v barcelona.	1							
1	i hope there's people like the inbetweeners at 6th form.	0							
1	league? rt  i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday... i need sleeping pills...	-1							
1	"saturday night = netflix, my girl, and the internets.  what more does a guy need?"	1							
1	"{haha ziiinggg} rt  all across the us, with live feeds down, big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months."	0							
1	could this convince you to buy? rt  verizon may offer early upgrades for droid bionic and iphone 5 buyers	0							
1	rt  deus ex exclusive hands on article going up tonight.  fucking love you twitter followers.	1							
1	all of the \real\ democrats won their respective races & will move on 2 face the 6 recalled republican state senators on august 9 #yeswecan	1							
1	ufc 134: anderson silva vs. yushin okami gambling spotlight: a handful of ufc 134 props to make your night a lit...	0							
1	going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight...oh yeah.	1							
1	#ufc  yushin okami isn't just anderson silva's opponent saturday night - he's the only... -	0							
1	eww lady gaga is at the femme fatale tour tonight. don't be surprised if you see gaga using britney's props on her next tour lol	-1							
1	can you just skip to how to make it  happy friday everyone tha carter iv	1							
1	i'm really sad about michael jackson today.	-1							
1	"rt  source says wrs dorin dickerson and juaquin iglesias, te jeff dugan and ol donald thomas worked out with steelers yesterday."	0							
1	hope pj harvey takes home the mercury tonight! great record!	1							
1	loool errr.. i'll have to it watch it today (was watching celebrity juice last night)	1							
1	tomorrow i'm coming back from barcelona...i don't want! :(((	-1							
1	"steve jobs' silky mouthed fellatio is akin to the bliss of my iphone each and every morning. hail to the king, baby!"	1							
1	i may have to record motd2 tonight to watch inbetweeners top 10 moments with martin. :)	1							
1	"making plans ahead of time is best. friday going to go see final destination 5 w/ my mains gem, ariana, brian, drew, & rachael. (;"	1							
1	president obama on thursday named former microsoft and fcc executive steven vanroekel as the new federal chief information officer (cio).	0							
1	"bisaa rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk"	0							
1	mimie - my colleagues are talking about madonna ad lady gaga comparing which one have a really good voice. today's topic for lunch :)	1							
1	"took down all my disney star posters (and twilight, about time) so i can put up all the hp ones i got today from a poster book (100 posters)"	0							
1	"august 17th rt  can't wait to see the inbetweeners movie, will has to be my favourite! when's it out ?"	1							
1	"boise state, chattanooga, embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight, congrats and welcome gentlemen! #duli11"	1							
1	hanging out with the sis tonight :) watching ridiculous amounts of jersey shore. #best	1							
1	i would love to watch vampire diaries tonight :) and some heroes! great combination	1							
1	", i don't feel the rugby world cup fever via 702, am i the only one? isn't it rugby friday?"	-1							
1	seriously waiting for tomorrows ep of true blood tomorrow. shits about to get real.	1							
1	best thing about thursday is celebrity juice =)	1							
1	hmm need to convert the euros i have left from barcelona for bristol on tuesday.	0							
1	can't believe that lloyd robertson's last broadcast is tonight! end of an era. who is gonna keep my grandma company at night!?	-1							
1	been trying to decide on a new show to watch & always get tons of sons of anarchy suggestions. i may go 4 it. have a blessed day	1							
1	rt  pj harvey to play the royal albert hall for the first time this october	0							
1	"eagles, etc. rt  on sunday, the real teams play (steelers, giants, etc)"	1							
1	rt  mta says it may close city subway if hurricane #irene packs too big a punch.	0							
1	why did i just hear some car driving slowly down 24th street blarring.............. elvis presley?	-1							
1	did i just see what i think i did on  real madrid signed a 7th old? #wow	0							
1	"good morning, yuki~! oh, i like your name too. does it means snow? riko isn't my real name, i've chose it because i like japan."	1							
1	obama has over 8 million followers.i  think only a few read every tweet. that may be the case with all others.	0							
1	he's a very good looking guy. is s3 on netflix? i think i'm watching it tonight	1							
1	watching kevin hart dvd. i will not be going back to sleep tonight. im bouta be rolling.	1							
1	strip club owner \guessing we'll make 5 times as much a night\ .. \republicans got plenty of money. they take it all from poor people\  #duh	-1							
1	saw at last kung fu panda 2 yesterday with my cousins =))	1							
1	"she call me baby, i call her bae, sorry 4 the wait, carter iv on the way! august 29th. hellllll yeahhh! (;"	1							
1	"displeased with lion, i may take this opportunity to learn windows 7. or linux. or poke myself in the eye."	-1							
1	"may or may not review the rugby world cup review, if it's good i might get the full game though. it's just installed as i press 'tweet'."	0							
1	my mum is going to london in a couple of days. just glad she wasn't there tonight!	1							
1	"morning,its all systems go for the week!!paytime and deus ex out later in the week this is truly #biwinning"	1							
1	"did you know, lady gaga reads \letters to a young poet\ every morning?"	0							
1	trynna go to the movies today and see \rise of the planet of the apes !\	0							
1	is stadium kanyi open tomrw for the opening ceremony and abs vs tonga game? i happen to be off duty tomorrow :-)	1							
1	"my brothers gf is on me to use her netflix acct, because i love my movies. so i'll all for giving it a try tonight"	1							
1	morning gorgeous u were rite i thought it was b/slisten to this nicki minaj did hhave domestics	1							
1	can silicon valley re-charge solar energy?: silicon valley innovators apple and google may be the best hope left...	1							
1	vampire diaries and jersey shore tonight. so first we see some hotties then we fist pump with hotties.. sounds great!!! :)	1							
1	today's google offer in seattle - up to 50% off at the seattle aquarium	0							
1	looking forward to celebrity juice tonight.	1							
1	"now that droid bionic is finally \official\ for 9/8, i'll just wait til oct so i have something to compare it to. vigor or prime maybe?"	0							
1	rt   i'm also very stoked for dead island & uncharted 3! is the deus ex game 3rd person perspective?	1							
1	rt  michael jackson - hollywood tonight	0							
1	'machete' star danny trejo and david hasselhoff to guest star in the 4th season of 'sons of anarchy'  via	0							
1	"lol look for the bright tiger woods, not hard to miss me today"	1							
1	ima be up all night just to be one of the first to get the carter iv off itunes !	1							
1	rt  so  apparently just announced at powwow #311day is in vegas and there is another cruise in may (to hawaii). too ...	0							
1	"we love the king! 55 years ago today, elvis presley released his double-sided hit \don't be cruel\/\hound dog\,..."	1							
1	wow and pink friday has got to number 16 in the albums chart. well done nicki minaj. :d &lt;333 xxxx	1							
1	"i love you all so much. come join us on saturday evening for the uga v. boise state game. game is at 8pm, but we..."	1							
1	"rt  last night for  lloyd robertson. a sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. #legendary"	-1							
1	boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night...	0							
1	morning paper: georgia gets ready for the big opener it 'needed.' boise state looks for a kicker. the bangles.	0							
1	"rt  nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to #16 on the official uk top 40 :)"	1							
1	four lions. watch it on channel 4. tonight. at 8pm. best film ever. i have this on my ipad. never tired of it.	1							
1	hey since you asked me yesterday this is what the king looks like aka anderson silva aka 'the spider'	0							
1	"droid bionic, this thursday. never thought the day would come."	1							
1	"don't want to play one that's too long, what with street fighter iii: 3rd strike on wednesday, and deus ex: human revolution on friday."	-1							
1	this tweet was poorly timed. surely they'd be hidden... rt  12 handy tips for windows 7 that you may not know	-1							
1	rt  if it was barcelona that scored that 2nd man united goal you would all be breading them. haters.	-1							
1	lmao rt  they should make a new friday and have kevin hart katt williams and mike epps in it.	0							
1	"monkey movie, ayyyyyee! rt going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight with the family :)"	1							
1	real to sign neymar in december - report - bangkok post: real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift...	0							
1	final destination 5 opens this friday.  tell us about your closest brush with death for a chance to win a pair of...	0							
1	"rt  real madrid have signed a seven-year-old argentine boy, a spokesman for the club confirmed on monday  ..."	0							
1	i'm not going on holiday until the 25th because me and my dad wanted to watch the inbetweeners movie when it came out lol :') - georgia	1							
1	"damn, summerslam is on at the same time as ufc sunday. they usually fight on saturday. wwe on the comp and ufc on the big screen i guess."	0							
1	"august is hot for albums. watch the throne. red album, and tha carter iv. #toomuch"	0							
1	got 2 letters today! one from wake forest university and the other from boise state :)))	1							
1	i just typed in \the bazura project\ into google images and the 7th image is a photo of my dad. also glenn with moustache is there. #whatthe	0							
1	"one million people marched in london in the past six months. but they don't care until 1,000 tottenhams tonight ~"	-1							
1	microsoft are suffering an outage this evening with their uk & european cloud services including hosted exchange.	0							
1	"obama's goal is to lead us into 3rd world status, so you're absolutely right, \obama doesn't care\"	-1							
1	"rt  i think it's time to start calling the democrats offices, demand they use the 14th now, don't cave to nut jobs."	-1							
1	"should i even bother with the tca tonight, or is justin fucking bieber and stupid ass twilight going to win everything?"	-1							
1	"damn, someone saved holder from the earthquake! technically dont know why w/biden out & obama always out boehner is 3rd in line!"	-1							
1	august 28 i'm playing a los angeles charity event at bootleg theater...mia kirshner of vampire diaries heading it up. come out!	0							
1	except u're charlie sheen... rt  is it true that you tell people 'top of the morning' only when you had sex the previous night?	0							
1	rt  i'm exited about friday! no offense but who is tonga? nz can't just make up names and countries. play fair.	1							
1	morning all. just woke up to madonna on the radio with borderline. cool	1							
1	no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's republicans	-1							
1	"dear tiger woods,      i need you to carry those last 3 holes over to thursday. w/o nba i'm gonna need you to step up.   michael"	0							
1	excited for the raiders game tonight	1							
1	after a day at the lake me and my girl are getting ready to do vegas big tonight! #blessed #freshtodeath	1							
1	raw: two champions prepare for the most important summerslam event in history - this monday	1							
1	lloyd robertson ended show with mention of his plaque from stratford today. joked that bieber didn't get there 1st. #bieberbestedagain	0							
1	rt  excellent performance by pj harvey last night! hairs on back of neck stuff! good company too with   a ...	1							
1	"i'm going to machine head at sala razzmatazz in barcelona, spain - nov 15"	0							
1	me too. netflix night with wifey and kids.	0							
1	"repost: : microsoft's tv subscription, if not rumored may launch with apple's icloud - international business times"	0							
1	rt  we'll be tweeting live summerslam updates next sunday on-location at staples center for the 3rd straight year! please sp ...	0							
1	"week 1 nfl story lines: steelers and ravens, together again: beyond the packers-saints opener thursday, the high..."	0							
1	"rt  with the start of nfl preseason upon us.. tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season, and the end of the raid ..."	0							
1	"rt   he may be that, but obama spent $239 billion a day after getting uncle sam's credit card in his hot little hands, s ..."	-1							
1	":o rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk"	0							
1	"rt  looks like apple's rumored thanksgiving product launch is the steve jobs biography, not a new ipad"	0							
1	"rt  if twilight wins all the awards at the tca's tonight, i will burn my twilight posters k? ok."	1							
1	"microsoft & nokia holding a get together on august 17, 2011: august 17 could be the day we see an official annou..."	0							
1	rt  today *very* rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans.	1							
1	balls. i forgot celebrity juice was on tonight.	-1							
1	caught the repeat of jersey shore tonight and the damn wall knocked out  wtf.. cmon bro! are you serious right now	-1							
1	some good television tonight gonna get on jersey shore on the planner and 8 out of ten cats and maybe red or black #lazynight	1							
1	i swear my facebook was exploding this morning! booms all over the fucking place! reminded me of four lions. xd	1							
1	gonna watch final destination 5 tonight. i always leave the theater so afraid of everything. no huge escalators for sure :s	0							
1	any word on when the raiders will be releasing their depth chart for thursday?	0							
1	rt  we all went to see rise of the planet of the apes last night...i actually enjoyed it a lot! that ...	1							
1	rt  rt  rt  retweet if you're ready for big brother tonight! #teamjorchel #bb13 #cbsbigbrother can't w ...	0							
1	"kolchak the night stalker. before the x-files, excellent scary tv. on netflix huzah"	1							
1	rt  drop what you're doing this wednesday night and come hang out with the gs au crew at our deus ex preview event! http:// ...	0							
1	pre-practice odds and ends: the raiders return to practice today after an off day sunday. the provisions set for...	0							
1	rt  new barcelona player alexis sanchez yesterday left chile to travel to barcelona. tomorrow he'll train for the first time ...	0							
1	"i think michael  jackson was murdered. not by conrad murray, but he aided and abetted. i think someone else was in the house that morning."	0							
1	kung fu panda 2 or take em back to the jungle book~ rt  movie night with the kids at the crib. what should we watch??	0							
1	yesterday judge pastor ruled there will be no more delays in the conrad murray manslaughter trial. he also stated...	0							
1	"kevin hart is the man, you better be going to see laugh at  my pain on sept 9th...i am!"	1							
1	the gop's greatest crime?  boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night...	-1							
1	"eh, em...attention! true blood is on tonight, oh yeah! sink ur teeth into it! lol"	1							
1	today *very* rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans.	1							
1	mt  boehner asks obama to move speech to thurs  || forget u  \with or w/o u\. tues works for me.	0							
1	:o inbetweeners movie a week today!! aaaahhhh! might wear my wellies to the cinema cause i'll be 'knee deep in clunge' ;)	1							
1	the mta will be at mondawmin metro station from 3-5pm today to celebrate the baltimore grand prix. we'll have a race car for you to see!	1							
1	"finally wrapped up shooting in vegas, time for a good night on the town :)"	1							
1	today's #triviathrusday is the first i didn't have to look up.... who doesn't know steve jobs worked at atari!	0							
1	"had a little trip out to the old town of albuquerque, could easily be mexico or spain! off to vegas 2moz should get there monday morning!"	0							
1	i'm going on big brother's bit on the side next tuesday! i thought you would appreciate this haha :)	1							
1	you wanna go see inbetweeners next wednesday?	0							
1	kevin hart night with the uncle amd aunty.	0							
1	"bracket vol. 02 was exhibited in tokyo, japan at the 6th magazine library in conjunction with futur cultur. watch -"	0							
1	"will the so cal earthquake hit already, so it doesn't hit during summerslam or next weeks monday night raw #earthquake"	0							
1	usa golf today bob ryan: tiger now a jag (just another guy): bob ryan of the 'boston globe' called tiger woods ...	-1							
1	rt  anderson silva is the 4th best mw in the world. sonnen  okami  lombard  silva. lol at p4p best	1							
1	but first today...taking all the brood to see rise of the planet of the apes. might sneak the dog in too...	0							
1	"what a great question to ask myself: \if today were the last day of my life, would i want to do what i am about to do today?\  steve jobs"	0							
1	"10+ items yndash; with this special deal for students, upgrade to windows 7 ...17 sep 2009 yndash; yquot;in the us,..."	0							
1	f-train was messed up again today between york and carroll st....what's going on mta???? get it together!!!	-1							
1	"on august 29, ima play lil wayne, tie my hands,. ima play it 29 times, then ima download tha carter iv #respect"	0							
1	awesome ending to raw tonight! summerslam is gonna be amazing!	1							
1	well at least my steelers didn't play tonight	-1							
1	here is the nip slip that happened yesterday on good morning america....and nicki minaj is not happy but abc has...	-1							
1	"increase windows 7 performance in 4 easy steps: ... complete with windows 7, you may find you're lacking some po..."	0							
1	"gartner: windows 7 on 94 percent of new pcs: by steven mostyn - aug 10 2011, 07:48 google may one day seek to sh..."	0							
1	"enough muslim countries lobbying in the us for today, i'm watching 'twilight saga: eclipse ' to better understand girls)))"	0							
1	"final destination 5 opens friday. if it does well, they'll film \fd6\ and \fd7.\ so it's really more like \qualifying heat destination 5.\"	0							
1	real madrid and i are #takingittothehouse tonight! #fifa11	0							
1	i want to go see final destination 5 on friday.	0							
1	rt  \i hope notre dame wins tonight and the steelers win tomorrow\	1							
1	"rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk #fb"	0							
1	this is very true. although they've taken the wednesday repeats off for big brother :-/	0							
1	watching twilight this lovely morning and wondering-  why couldn't the prods leave everyone's hair alone?? it was so much nicer!	1							
1	sonny bill williams named in the first xv to face tonga on friday. this man is one to watch my other is isreal dagg #rwc2011	1							
1	iguess its just be n netflix tonight! =)	0							
1	"good night michael jackson, i do love you. see you in my dream :*"	1							
1	starting the 3rd season of sons of anarchy. i watched seasons 1 and 2 in the last couple weeks. . i'm seriously hooked	1							
1	did i really have a debate about twilight last night? and i was team edward???	-1							
1	"tiger woods' former caddie steve williams made about $140,000 for his work with adam scott today. tiger woods' new caddie made $5,800 #golf"	0							
1	if fabregas doesnt goto barcelona this season he may never make his dream switch with alcantra already starting to seal his position #epl	-1							
1	rt  rt  these golf balls with pelosi's face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today. http:// ...	0							
1	rt  dec. 3rd \its about to go down\ (kevin hart voice) new orleans gone kick me the hell out &lt;===== that's my birthday	1							
1	"rt  gaga is now in 4th place for solo artists with the most top 10s in a row, only behind janet jackson, madonna & whit ..."	0							
1	"final destination 5, august 24. death how we've missed you."	1							
1	rt  steve jobs biography may be available in time for the ipad 3	0							
1	htc announces two new smartphones - the radar and the titan: htc announced two new windows 7 smartphones today a...	0							
1	good luck tonight @ the teen choice awards :) i know twilight is gonna take them all!! ill b watching xoxo	1							
1	hide in country clubs all u want boehner! reverserobocall.com launching soon & i'm one of 1st in line! join me. #launch	1							
1	"411music] dr. conrad murray to take the stand in michael jackson murder trial: jury selection begins this thursday...	0	1	11101011110100, 01010000001, 0101101111011, 11100001110, 1110100, 110100, 1010, 111101011101, 1111110010111, 1111010101001, 10111111, 011110111000, 111001110, 100001, 111001111, 1111111100, 1111011110111101, 1111011110111111, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	rt  i saw kayvan novak tonight aka phonejacker aka the guy from the film four lions. 1st thing i said to him was \rubber ...	0							
1	"i had an awesome time at #sckcs now it's on to work, saturday nite in vegas, this should be fun."	1							
1	"media going mad for anderson silva in rio and its only wednesday , saturday is gonna be epic"	1							
1	going to see rise of the planet of the apes next sunday. when  first appears im going to shout \draco malfoy!\ :d x	1							
1	glad twilight night was a success. i'll make it to the next one!  sorry to be the lame-o!	1							
1	rt  i stopped watching them after the 2nd one rt  final destination 5? i'll pass &lt; i watched them all sadly	-1							
1	"did you hear? hollywood news - twilight, spiderman, comic-con - video: hollywood news hollywood...  tweet me, today!"	0							
1	girl singing the national anthem tonight is a boise state student. i gave her a \go ducks\ before she went out. didn't seem to faze her.	1							
1	"dbj tech watch for monday 8/8: news of facebook, google, microsoft, centurylink and more: welcome to the denver..."	0							
1	its almost 6pm in japan now..heheh..but good morning to you too	1							
1	i finally got to play drums to irene at an  concert!  wouldn't let me until tonight	0							
1	"good football practice today. one day away from the saints game, and 1 week away from the anderson silva fight in rio!!!!! can't wait!!!!!!!"	1							
1	"yeah, imma be in vegas from 18th-23rd so i just want a dinner in dallas with friends"	0							
1	nicki miinaj talks to robin roberts on good morning america: nicki minaj performed for the good morning america ...	0							
1	"rt  conrad murray hearing going on today, prosecution trying to block some witnesses."	0							
1	rt  \we called boise state & tried to get them to schedule north carolina on monday night. they didn't do it\ mickey matthe ...	0							
1	my random rant of the night:lady gaga being considered a fashion icon!who in their right mind considers that fashion?she dresses in trash.	-1							
1	macgyver is streaming on netflix and the theme song forces memories of 6th grade pining for richard dean anderson. it's still kind of there.	0							
1	rt  good morning world... i'm pleased to inform you that the carter iv will not be like watch the throne..	1							
1	don't do it!  he won't respect you!  rt  boehner asks obama to move speech to thursday	-1							
1	might have to make that final destination 5 move on friday...	0							
1	i know one thing i can do tomorrow.. write a blog post about my newly discovered love for vampire diaries!	1							
1	i quoted nicki minaj tonight and i'm sorry and i know god will forgive me	1							
1	tonga will perform the first haka at eden park on friday; the all blacks can choose to do their haka simultaneously or once tonga finishes.	0							
1	"good luck tonight to ghostpoet, pj harvey, anna calvi, elbow and metronomy at the mercurys- if either of you will i'll be chuffed."	1							
1	i haven't talked to you since july 19 th and all you can say is \so do you like beyonce's new cd\ gtfo	-1							
1	droid bionic confirmed for september 8th: while most of the united states had its eyes on the east cost last nig...	0							
1	charlie sheen's \winning\ ways get roasted on tv: los angeles (reuters) - he may have looked like he was \...	0							
1	nokia n9 will not launch in the united states: nokia confirmed on tuesday that its flagship meego-powered n9 sma...	0							
1	"411music] dr. conrad murray to take the stand in michael jackson murder trial: jury selection begins this thursday...	0	1	11101011110100, 01010000001, 0101101111011, 11100001110, 1110100, 110100, 1010, 111101011101, 1111110010111, 1111010101001, 10111111, 011110111000, 111001110, 100001, 111001111, 1111111100, 1111011110111101, 1111011110111111, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	you prolly gonna be there too. rt  i can stamp on friday its goin be endless people at the movies to see final destination 5	0							
1	celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. hurrraaaaah! its a back to school special who's featuring ! the wait is too much ! ooosh	1							
1	the mta should be pretty embarrassed tonight.	-1							
1	rt  republicans spawned teabaggers-who are proud global terrorists-they trashed the world economies today including us  ...	-1							
1	"coming home tonight, i saw a \we support italy in the rugby world cup\ in a hair salon in newmarket. ha! how come..."	0							
1	can't wait to see the anderson silva fight saturday woop woop	1							
1	the raiders need to represent tonight!	1							
1	the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency:	1							
1	today's news: democrats offer republicans everything they asked for; republicans demand more. not hard to understand: r's want a shutdown.	0							
1	"rt  i just realized the teen choice awards were tonight at 8! =) i hope rob, kristen, and anything twilight related wins!"	1							
1	rt  gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday	-1							
1	"asiikk:drt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk"	0							
1	"rt  excuse me while i spend my last saturday of the summer making cds, watching netflix, and chillin in the woman cave #l ..."	0							
1	rt  rt  photo: mr. jackson rathbone (aka jasper from twilight) was looking mighty fine tonight  ...	1							
1	"ru showing the all blacks v tonga game friday nite? with the sound up? definitely not showing the league, right? #rwc2011"	-1							
1	"nicki minaj flashes a nipple on good morning america, youlve gotta see it, afghan says so"	1							
1	good morning! need a google + invite?  i have a few #plusinvites. love to see the #gtchat folks there!	1							
1	saturday: picnic in park with  thrown around a moshpit at datsuns and london is burning. balance in all things	0							
1	"criticism of rick perry is ridiculous, which choice?  obama's hip-hop barbecue two days ago, or perry praying for the president today?"	-1							
1	vegas here i come yeah watch out las vegas the  bring back the brown sd is taking over at las vegas next week and tomorrow	1							
1	re:  what the heck was obama doing for the 1st 2 years when democrats controlled everything?!!!	-1							
1	more like chris brown in feb. '09 rt  y'all treat me like elvis presley in the 50's.	0							
1	rt  were is the profile  happy friday everyone tha carter iv #shedidntcallbecause	0							
1	kim coates was awesome on #entourage tonight. although it makes me really miss sons of anarchy. can't wait #samcro	1							
1	"nice! disagreement! of course, he sat down with boehner only thi ("	1							
1	rt  lokomotiv yaroslavl were on the plane that crashed in russia this.morning. pavol demitra was likely on that flight. #canuc ...	0							
1	"rt  names you may know on lokomotiv's roster: pavol demitra, karlis skrastins, karel rachunek, ruslan salei, josef vasicek"	0							
1	"rt  our football season preview shows start airing tonight on the mtn..half-hour, each program..the latest on boise state ..."	0							
1	omg i can't wait to see what beyonce is gonna do at the vma's sunday august 28th!	1							
1	i'm stuck in london again... :( i don't wanna spend the night in mcdonald's!	-1							
1	im getting horny hey that reminds me is it the 19th yet? new two and a half men and/or roast of charlie sheen	1							
1	lol? lady gaga is attending britney's concert tonight. she's in an arena full of britney fans. we really did make her brave	1							
1	the usa eagles take on canada tonight at 9pm est in a warm-up before the rugby world cup - if you have direct tv...	0							
1	i want a windows 7 tablet for my birthday because....windows 8 beta may land the same month...maybe.	0							
1	yo man  wants you to wear a dawgs jersey! boise state jerseys are going out of fashion on september 4th. #ugadawgswag	0							
1	is it april fool's day?  real madrid signs 7-year-old argentine prospect leo - espn	-1							
1	you know what would be pretty funny? if nz lost the first game against tonga tomorrow lol	1							
1	"rt  tiger woods' former caddie steve williams made about $140,000 for his work with adam scott today. tiger woods' new cadd ..."	0							
1	"rt  why doesn't obama just sign an executive order that declares the u.s. has aaa rating? i mean, c'mon?"	0							
1	true blood tonight! always the best night of the week.	1							
1	"steelers fans are awesome! just for that, i'm making it my mission to piss off a brown's fan today hehe #inspiration"	1							
1	good morning. its definitely time 4 a new phone. alarm clock ringer isnt going off anymore. tryin 2 wait on steve jobs before i make a move	1							
1	tuesday september 6th. the return of the best show ever! sons of anarchy. hell yeahhhh! #soa	1							
1	summerslam preview coming fri. only 4 announced matches even tho there will be 7 or 8. very odd. will make for brief preview!	0							
1	"rt  the teen choice awards is tomorrow! i wish everyone from the cast of the vampire diaries, true blood and supernatural go ..."	0							
1	fun night tonight at vampire diaries. great teen choice award winners!	1							
1	"every time i don't have anything to do, i'll watch the shows i stopped halfway. lol and it's teen top's mta today. :p"	1							
1	"i will have classes on saturdays unfortunately... but, i don't give a fuck about it, i will go to a madonna show even if it's on a saturday."	-1							
1	apple showtime event 2006-the 2g ipod shuffle introduction: here we see steve jobs introducing the 2nd generatio...	0							
1	fun date night with my girl. home early. ice my aching body. wish i had netflix right about now....	1							
1	rt  is it true the mta will not be running on saturday due to the hurricane?	-1							
1	rt  real to sign neymar in december - report - bangkok post: real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift... h ...	0							
1	ritchie becomes father for the 3rd time: while madonna was busy promoting her upcoming movie w.e. in venic...	0							
1	"gym workout starting with beyonce then katy,kylie and finally bruno great start to the morning"	1							
1	"television's dark ages: from 'breaking bad' to 'true blood,' best shows today also some of the bleakest"	-1							
1	i knw my ish!... \kev hart voice\...lol! happy sunday!rt  lol:-prt  if kevin hart make u ...	1							
1	rt  pavol demitra's agent confirms the ex canuck was one of 44 killed in a plane crash today in russia. so sad...  ...	-1							
1	rt  tomorrow is gonna be like the super bowl for the ravens vs. steelers game	1							
1	haha was it as bad as your night in barcelona with the bucket o chund!?	-1							
1	will tenaction broadcast spanish super cup real madrid vs barcelon on the 14th and 17th of august ?	0							
1	"hooked on sons of anarchy thanks to  its too good too stop watching, all day viewing today!"	1							
1	democrats defeat republicans 8-2 in congressional baseball game tonight.	0							
1	rt  boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night...	0							
1	what if cena wins the undisputed wwe championship match at summerslam this sun? a riot is very likely to take place!!	-1							
1	"nokia n9, blackberry bold touch clear fcc: the nokia n9, as you may remember, showed a bizarre twist in the comp..."	0							
1	hope u have a great show tonight. me & the chi/in girls are so excited to see you in london tomorrow!	1							
1	inbetweeners movie coming to cinemas in ireland on the 19th of august. i have never wanted to see a movie so bad!! #shouldbegood ;)	1							
1	"check this video out -- obama, sarkozy, cameron, how many children did you kill this night?  via"	-1							
1	#inappropriatefuneralsongs thriller by michael jackson. while the dancing may be great having to kill your zombie grandma wont be as great	0							
1	im on that zan with that lean and nun but irene today at band camp jus to laugh at these poo ass freshman snare drummers	-1							
1	rt  i went to see kevin hart and still can't wait to go see the movie on the 9th!	1							
1	"russian air crash kills 'almost all of khl team pavol demitra,karlis skrastins,ruslan salei,brad mccrimmon among the dead, may they all #rip"	-1							
1	i'm so glad the vampire diaries won an award last night. loves them all :)	1							
1	i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday... i need sleeping pills...	0							
1	"for inbetweeners movie next wednesday, going for the 8pm showing at cineworld in town, everyone to book their own tix :)"	0							
1	rt  bp oil spill activist cherri foytlin on obama's handling of the crisis in the gulf  she was arrested  ...	0							
1	"sunday reflection: why the gop should give obama the higher taxes ...: well, the debt deal is behind us, but it'..."	0							
1	comparing sept 11th to republicans. you don't think that's just a tad distasteful to the lives lost? what a jerk.	-1							
1	is all about one night by elvis presley	1							
1	deus ex: human revolution is the 3rd game in the series #deusex	0							
1	"to compare, anderson silva also has won 8 bonuses and made $475,000. if lytle gets a bonus tonight, the $65k would be his 2nd biggest one."	0							
1	\so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight. love you girl.- britney\	1							
1	hey could you two wish  a happy birthday for tomorrow? she is a huge fan from japan of both of yours! :)	1							
1	i don't know what to wear tomorrow and i definitely believe this is the work of lady gaga and her team	0							
1	cabana this friday.... you might find marissa and irene there being rachetts trying to get niggas with bottle service #hoes	0							
1	ufc 134 this sunday from 11am - anderson silva v yushin okami - don't miss it. in the sports bar live.	1							
1	rt  am going on womans hour tomorrow. whats more so is pj harvey.	0							
1	rt  -- michael jackson - remembering june 13th  #onlymjfansunderstand i love you michael jackson	0							
1	it's all pj harvey and queens of the stone age today #nowplaying	0							
1	rt  apparently the #vmas are tonight. i refuse to support anything which helped the jersey shore cast flee the hurricane.	-1							
1	"i feel like a kid before xmas, i cannot wait to get onert  in case you missed it...nokia n9 release date"	1							
1	rt  you can watch the movie 'four lions' on channel 4 in the uk next sunday at 9pm -- see where i get all my jokes from ...	0							
1	as good as the fights were tonight i'm glad this one is over. one day closer to seeing anderson silva clown a massive asian man #spidersense	1							
1	"oh, oh, oh just realised it's 3 weddings in a row then pj harvey on sunday"	0							
1	final destination 5 is coming out soon. i never thought they'd make a 5th one! #youcantcheatdeath	0							
1	about to watch twilight now.. 1 & 3 .. i already saw the 2nd one (backwards right?!) lol	0							
1	#jerzday tonight first episode of jersey shore season 4 premieres tonight!!!!! :')	1							
1	i missed the barcelona game yesterday.	-1							
1	"dang, forrest didn't get it done. :/ he was our last american hope tonight, oh well... now for the main event anderson silva vs yushin okami"	-1							
1	"drove the bike today, about 40 miles. felt like jim carrey on me myself and irene!"	0							
1	"#nw kung fu panda 2. dnt judge me, i like animated movies (plus the 1st one was the shit)."	1							
1	mta agent to me: \this card has been damanged since yesterday morning.\ me: \but i used it last night.\ mta: \no you didn't.\	0							
1	getting off the comp early tonight- going to watch my new elvis presley dvd that came today. :)	1							
1	"rainy day, got alot done tho. registration tmrw morning! rdy to eat din and watch sons of anarchy, can't wait for the new season! #stoked"	1							
1	absolutely gutted. wish i could watch rt  lloyd robertson set to end 41year run as national news anchor tonight	-1							
1	"i saw okay movie there friday night\rise of the planet of the apes\,i still like conquest"	1							
1	what would happen if you lost access to your google account tomorrow? - i actually don't know. hahahaha!	0							
1	"after an almost 60-year career, lloyd robertson broadcasts his last  sept 1, he joins us next"	1							
1	what i want to see on sunday on true blood - eric eric more eric naked eric pam did i mention eric?	1							
1	at da end of da night no girl that roll with me is on da mta! they are above that as long as i can afford that!	1							
1	"i'm going to opeth at apolo in barcelona, spain - nov 22"	0							
1	i laugh to death!!!lol!! don't trust the translation of google anymore! it's is full of errors!! btw u played truant today .\_/.!	-1							
1	very jealous of the ridiculous adventure  is having tonight while i just sit at home watching big brother.	-1							
1	"pavol demitra with the blues: 5th in scoring all time with 493 points in 494 games, 2000 lady byng trophy, & 3 all star games in 8 seasons."	0							
1	madonna's anti hydrangea video inspired me to make this today.	1							
1	don't forget to look out for me and  in the audience of celebrity juice tonight. bangtidy!	1							
1	safe mode with networking - no internet: i am troubleshooting a bsod in windows 7 and may come back later with m...	0							
1	this friday we warmly embrace all things kiwi!! nz v tonga will be playing on the rooftop with a nz flavoured bbq and steinlager a plenty	1							
1	#nw true blood can't wait til the new one comes on tomorrow	1							
1	rt  former nhl'er pavol demitra among the 44 dead in the russian plane crash earlier today.	0							
1	true blood tonight #yesssss!	1							
1	rt  steve williams just threw tiger woods under the bus after win w adam scott today. after 33 yrs and 145 wins this is the ...	0							
1	looking forward to the new jersey shore starting tonight. has it started in ireland yet?? what do tweeps think?? #jerseyshore	1							
1	caught up on true blood!! i love it... now time for bed! night peeps.. be safe tonight :)!!!	1							
1	"watched last week's jersey shore last night, you put your own head into the wall? seriously, crazy! atleast ronnie didn't!"	-1							
1	congrats on the new contract and good luck tomorrow in bmore!  go steelers!	1							
1	"sad news today, what a great player. rt  pavol demitra has died in the russian plane crash."	-1							
1	lol i fell twice tonight im so clumsy man bahahahaaa it was sooo funny i jus keep thinkin of kevin hart	1							
1	rt  september 19 is the roast of charlie sheen! i'm ready for it! haha	1							
1	"rt  the morning note: crocodiles, high-school dropouts & madonna: wake up and smell the internet, people. here's wha... http ..."	-1							
1	"also, the dems had huge majorities in both chambers of congress obama's 1st 2 yrs in office. republicans controlled nothing."	-1							
1	rt  lady gaga is attending britney's concert tonight. she's in an arena full of britney fans. we really did make her brave...	1							
1	rt  revisit: madonna: 12th studio album rumor update -  there are several rumors regarding the new madonna...  ...	0							
1	well...i think im going to see rise of the planet of the apes with my shadow tonight...#mmi	0							
1	just in case you need some inspiration today. steve jobs' 2005 stanford commencement address:  via	1							
1	"rt  lol, imma real madrid fan, i dont want barca to win :d. and i can see that barca is winning, crap haha. c'mon real f ..."	0							
1	"why is nz trending tonga, eden park, friday, argentina & queen street -.- world cup fever is it?? 2 more days!!"	0							
1	rt  they should make a new friday and have kevin hart katt williams and mike epps in it.	0							
1	"rt  names you may know on lokomotiv's roster: pavol demitra, karlis skrastins, karel rachunek, ruslan salei, josef vasicek"	0							
1	today i learned that the new deus ex game is set in detroit:	0							
1	to anyone planning on watching the teen choice awards tonight. spoiler alert: the winners are justin bieber and twilight.	1							
1	excited to go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight	1							
1	"rt  time for #musicmonday.. today's choice is pj harvey - in the dark places, for the album let england shake  ..."	0							
1	"i had no clue the tca were on tonight. so to guess who wins, twilight and justin bieber win everything. it happens every year."	0							
1	went to see \rise of the planet of the apes\ tonight. it was pretty dope; i give it 5 bananas.	1							
1	is it just me or is google apps email just plain slow today?	-1							
1	"rt  \ republicans says that the earthquake occurred on a fault line called \obama's fault\.\ c'mon, u know this ..."	-1							
1	"yes! rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk"	0							
1	ice cube should come out with a last friday with everybody! mike epps kat williams smokey big worm kevin hart & everybody else...	0							
1	yo we should all chill again. lets go to the movies sept 9. kevin hart movie	0							
1	today it's all about tablet pcs - here's a guide to the windows 7 operating system	0							
1	what's annoying is that the one i pre-ordered just came today...steve jobs just looted my card.	-1							
1	why verizon's 4g limits may be the droid bionic's achilles heel - gotta be mobile #verizon #phone	0							
1	"a win for either metronomy, everything everything or pj harvey would be a satisfactory outcome for tonight's mercury awards."	1							
1	rt  it's kerry's birthday tonight on big brother. be prepared for a jedward in hot pants. at 10pm. it's the penultimate e ...	0							
1	tell obama no on a joint session september 7th. his arrogance and gall are appalling. let the republicans debate.	-1							
1	off to learn about google analytic today.... i hope it doesn't get too technical. looking forward to it though.	1							
1	"whoo whoo!  happy brithday maddow show.  ed, you were very \nice\ to republicans last night.  rachel even thought so."	1							
1	rt  rt  retweet if you're ready for big brother tonight! #teamjorchel #bb13 #cbsbigbrother can't wait. :) go jochel	1							
1	is about to go see the help!!  can't wait for final destination 5 on friday!!	1							
1	"tonight's wwe raw takes place from the hp pavilion in san jose, california. confirmed for tonight's summerslam..."	0							
1	"latest: steelers, polamalu agree to four-year deal: the pittsburgh steelers agreed to terms saturday with troy p..."	0							
1	rt  rt  former teammates of pavol demitra reflect on their fallen friend after the lokomotiv plane crash in russia ...	0							
1	good morning america of nicki minaj was great when she perform moment 4 life  #nickiminaj	1							
1	very quiet story-wise this morning. my only emails have been about my yammer activity & an alert about pj harvey tickets going on sale.	0							
1	"& then  idk he danger, we in a whip full w/deals,weapons & beyonce new cd - night almost killed me im n2 self preservation bro"	-1							
1	i learn how to rap like nicki minaj tonight so that i can irritate my bf tmr after buka.	1							
1	found high school musical on netflix...may or may not be watching it. wish you were here	0							
1	"7/9/1983 madonna released \holiday\ as a single from \madonna: the first album\, it was the 1st madonna song to enter the billboard hot 100."	1							
1	rt    conrad murray claims\ mj was unable to \sleep\ the entire morning yet murray was on his phone all am--does  ...	-1							
1	child like excitement building ahead of the #rwc think my 2nd team is going to be tonga #loveabitofbiff	1							
1	"yassss, deus ex is actually out 26th august. that's brightened up my day a bit:)"	1							
1	madonna wears the director's hat!! grab the 1st look of the movie as she unveils it at the venice flim festival....	1							
1	must get all my work done and ahead with cleaning my house before 10pm so i can have a night in with the sons of anarchy	1							
1	"if the #iphone5 doesn't come out on september 7th, i'm suing steve jobs...i can't put up with the motorola razr much longer.."	-1							
1	am just going to be hanging at my mom's for the week. ross arrives the 26th and we go straight to vegas.	0							
1	rt   sold out tonight!! charlie sheen's cake party!! marco hanna live with dudu sax !!!	1							
1	i want to see eb but idk don't look to good guess ill call it a netflix night.	-1							
1	i was dreaming about vampire diaries last night. galing.	0							
1	true blood is a repeat now what do i do with my sunday night!	0							
1	"conrad murray's trial is set for september 8th, it will be shown on live television. i am watching it. #justiceformj"	0							
1	"cbb final, celebrity juice, hollyoaks and hollyoaks later tonight, woo!"	1							
1	yer off to take son for his first day at big school. then it's google analytics training for me.  how was your night?	0							
1	rt  \you ever go night night nigga? everybody go night night !\ - kevin hart	0							
1	"every tweet i see tomorrow about jersey shore, im tweeting 10 times about the nfl season opener."	0							
1	"rt  the mantra from republicans to democrats today is, 'if you don't like our plan, then where is your plan"	0							
1	devo brown: thanks for another great night everyone!! don't forget tomorrow roz and mocha speak with lloyd robertson & jason priestley!	1							
1	i'm so pumped for jersey shore 4 tonight! i want  and vinny to hook up xd	1							
1	rt  maybe i'm just to damn emotion   :-\/ good night irene	-1							
1	getting there slowly mate! have you seen there are riots in london tonight? i only just noticed myself and i am not even drunk	0							
1	"#nowplaying elvis presley. love me tender - just as good as  version at solus, cardiff in november '08"	1							
1	"tepco un chief in japan as nuclear crisis simmers: un chief ban ki-moon arrived in japan on sunday, where he pl..."	0							
1	"final reports: ravens vs. steelers: tomorrow at 1pm, the regular season begins for the steelers when they face o..."	0							
1	world in union (with several opera singers) for the rugby world cup will be available on august/september(12th) more	0							
1	"she might be, most artists tend to get knocked off after the 1st week, unless they're gaga or beyonce or something haha x"	0							
1	rt  republicans reminded obama that he was still a nigger boy to them today huh?	-1							
1	boise state may make brandon boykin's day.  /via  #uga #dawgs #boise #georgia #bulldogs	0							
1	there's a bit of pj harvey going on today.	0							
1	"rt  four lions tonight on c4 @ 9.00pm. watch it if you haven't already, f*cking hilarious film."	1							
1	can't wait for tomorrow night! and no not bc of jersey shore but bc it's the first official game of the nfl season!	1							
1	rt  my algebra teacher saw all my gaga stuff today and we were talking about jo at the vma's and he said for now on her ...	0							
1	you ever go night night nigga? everybody go night night ! - kevin hart	0							
1	"real madrid have signed a seven-year-old argentine boy, a spokesman for the club confirmed on monday"	0							
1	"its 2 am & i have to wake up at 5:30 in the morning. to sleep or to keep watching jersey shore? to sleep! nah, i think i'll stay up :d"	1							
1	"celebrity juice is decent tonight :) alex reid, good answer on the last question."	1							
1	"so, i heard earlier today that michael jackson's doctor is finally going to trial. it's been a year & now you're doing something?! #bs"	-1							
1	"droid bionic pops up on motorola site, looks set for september 8 release: between the leaked ads, blurry photos ..."	-1							
1	off to see the nokia n9 tomorrow. it'll be like being a real consumer tech dude again. also off to an event at the new winnings store.	1							
1	tempted to get a droid bionic today but rumors of the nexus/droid prime in november are keeping me from getting one.	0							
1	"who wants to go see  beat canada's rugby team tonight in glendale, co? send them off to the rugby world cup the right way?"	1							
1	tgi friday's was good! going to the moves to see \rise of the planet of the apes\.	1							
1	"morning all- another day at  meeting the stars of true blood. autographs and photos for me today, once the vodka-fug has cleared"	1							
1	celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. hurrraaaaah! its a back to school special	1							
1	"i like how u mentioned cowboys 1st rt  nfl network tlk abt the sme teams evryday! cowboys, jets, steelers, ravens, colts, packers"	1							
1	"rt  heading out today with  tour to tupelo, mississippi to visit birthplace of elvis presley!"	0							
1	"at this point, motorola and verizon may just be allowing the droid bionic, one of the most hyped phones in rec..."	0							
1	"1st  film since \2 n a half men,\ charlie sheen is set to star with jason schwartzman in \a glimpse inside the mind of charlie swan iii.\"	0							
1	just found out that the new season for vampire diaries comes out sept 15th :-)	1							
1	sheen's 'winning' ways get roasted: charlie sheen took it on the chin saturday night at a comedy central tv roast...	0							
1	nokia n9 in nine seconds: by ian posted on the 13th of july 2011 at 8:35am global - the nokia n9 is fast. so fast that a regular 30-s...	1							
1	sunday reflection: why the gop should give obama the higher taxes he wants: ... in favor of higher taxes -- for ...	0							
1	so apparently lady gaga went to go see britney's femme fatale tour in atlantic city tonight!	0							
1	"o_o well, (un)fortunately, you'll prob need at least one of those if you come to london in late oct.!"	-1							
1	i guess i'm going to watch anderson silva whop a nigga ass while drinking grey goose tonight	1							
1	i'm really dying to hear that track with beyonce and the full version of \that's my bitch\ off watch the throne. monday must come sooner	1							
1	"four lions on c4 tonight everyone, i implore you to watch, or at least record!"	0							
1	charlie sheen seems pretty confident/badass for his upcoming roast. he actually seems like he has it together. i may watch.	1							
1	rt why does steve jobs hate you your link  \cars perform \my best friend's girl\ needs flash to play	-1							
1	"rt  according to marca, neymar will be moving to real madrid in december 2 days after the club world cup."	0							
1	"republicans had their way,  stock market crashed they did not want to pay taxes they lost billions of dollars today!"	-1							
1	"yesterday is the day the atomic bomb in japan.  i embarrassed as a japanese, was a moment of silence for the first time."	-1							
1	"leonel angel coira signed with real madrid and will begin training september 6th, he is 7. i need to get pax some cleats."	0							
1	woods sputters in third round at bridgestone: tiger woods slipped further down the leaderboard saturday after ca...	0							
1	let's see what shitty movie netflix has recommended for me to watch tonight.	-1							
1	uh-oh - you must have loathed my apartment - why didn't madonna have her outburst in july???	-1							
1	#iwishtheywouldbringback the red trains for tha mta just pimp them shit out to make em look like today's trains	1							
1	(droid-life) additional confirmation that the droid bionic will be here september 8	0							
1	"finally watching last weeks true blood, ready for the new episode tonight.  how is everyone else this morning?"	1							
1	madonna: living in a hydrangea-free world: today madonna's ungracious behaviour was made public when she compl...	0							
1	"today is my birthday,the anniversary of the death of elvis presley and the birthday of madonna,i wonder if i'll be famous...i=no talent |="	-1							
1	"planning on going to  today, and any other cool stores in barcelona"	1							
1	"congrats to client  for his tv debut on big brother's bit on the side last night, analysing social media mentions of housemates"	1							
1	what you up to man?  did you go see rise of the planet of the apes last night?	0							
1	anyone else already getting goosebumps about how loud goodnight irene will be at 2:55 tomorrow afternoon #blackthornendmyrealhome	1							
1	"i saw a dog yesterday, that looked like one of the wolves from twilight but smaller, was well cool :p"	1							
1	rt  looking forward to celebrity juice tonight!	1							
1	aug 27th: ufc rio..anderson silva vs yushin okami(last man to beat him)..expect to see the best fighter on the planet put on a fucking show!	1							
1	"1 day left!time is ticking down...tonga should start getting worried ('',). just kidding, may the best team win!!!('',) tomorrow.go blacks"	1							
1	rt  the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency:	1							
1	"kicking off the world cup\ friday, all blacks vs tonga!?! yeeeaah!! i'm so looking forward to just laxing back popcorn & a glass a bubbly!?!"	1							
1	who all fuckin with twilight tonight ??	-1							
1	"why the most lovely artists are not always understood? lady gaga, justin bieber, miley cyrus etc etc today they have to know that..."	0							
1	"really looking forward to the release of deus ex: hr on friday, just annoying that north america gets it tomorrow..."	1							
1	perhaps a bit insensitive showing the film four lions in the run up to the 9/11 10th anniversary..... #justsaying	-1							
1	well since it's been the 7th here n japan 4 over 12 hrs i'd like 2 wish my bff  a grand 26th. sad i can't b there w/you.	1							
1	"nokia n9 might just come to the uk, unofficially though: finnish mobile giant nokia may have made it clear that the uk, along with sw..."	0							
1	just put money down on resistance 3. deus ex may have to wait until christmas.	0							
1	"bring it on!! :) rt  kung fu panda 2 will released on tuesday, 16 august 2011"	1							
1	rt  rt if michael jackson is the first thing you think of when you wake up & the last thing you think about at night	0							
1	"the mantra from republicans to democrats today is, 'if you don't like our plan, then where is your plan\the mantra from republicans t..."	0							
1	wantin to go out tonite....but no one to go out with so i guess i'll be on netflix  tonite	0							
1	walking through chelsea at this time of day is rather lovely. love london at night :d	1							
1	update: 'rise of the planet of the apes' takes in nearly $20m on friday - christian post	0							
1	rt cbsatlbreaking: jury selection begins today in the trial of conrad murray. he's the doctor charged w/ involun...	0							
1	rt  final destination 5?! look man its gone far enough allow it &lt; i didn't know a 4th existed :/ ahh	-1							
1	pray no one gets hurt or killed in london tonight guys. this looks like it's gonna go on for hours.	-1							
1	so when we are goin to see u in twilight..........i now its nov......but the date..........	0							
1	we all went to see rise of the planet of the apes last night...i actually enjoyed it a lot! that chimp caesar was a great actor. seriously.	1							
1	"time to roll out the red (yellow blue and green) carpet, looking forward to google coming in to pitch their new opportunity today at kinetic"	1							
1	britney: lady gaga's here tonight. me: what? *watches gaga the rest of the night *  me: who's concert was that ? i forgot. ;d	1							
1	"all across the us, with live feeds down, big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months."	0							
1	"lol i been in oz 6months now on my 4th & final stint. love it but do miss london, prob coz i can't get 2d emirates no more. #afc"	1							
1	"tough day for the nhl community.  rip pavol demitra, died in a plane crash this morning. heaven just got a hell of a center."	-1							
1	rt  program alert:  will be having a debate whether or not boise state can win it all! check out the show today  ...	0							
1	"i've got one ticket to the michael jackson tribute gig for sale on oct 8th dm  for details,please rt!"	0							
1	monday morning mobile: the 24/7 consumer: when steve jobs made a surprise appearance to unveil the ipad2 earlier...	0							
1	i'm worried i may sing out loud on the train!! beyonce's album just gets me in the singing mood everytime!	1							
1	"rt  drenched in vanilla twilight, i'll sit on the front porch all night, waist deep in thought because when i think of  ..."	0							
1	crap i meant to let #oomf use my microsoft office thing for their computer today...well he'll get it one weekend when we both in town!	-1							
1	rt   omfg britney is like here in ma... ahhhh!!! along with nicki minaj. omggg the concert is tomorrow :ddd thi ...	1							
1	my soup just blew up in the microwave and exploded everywhere. so far today has been a bigger bitch than madonna is to hydrangeas.	-1							
1	oh my gosh that's hilarious - love it! did you read the one on steve jobs?  love the tuesday reading :)	1							
1	prayin for the families that lost someone today in the plane crash. pavol demitra one of my favorite players rest in peace. :'(	1							
1	watching the best moments of inbetweeners last night highlighted the fact that (towie) is full of helmets. surely im not the only one?	1							
1	shooting tvshow sons of anarchy at my studio today. they closed off all the streets for a giant gun battle! fun.	1							
1	"yaaayy!! :d rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august"	1							
1	prayers and thoughts to pavol demitra's family today and all others on the plane. the blues nation lost a loved member today	-1							
1	good morning irene :) i love the tiger photies so much! do you own them?	1							
1	ok i need something to try cheer me up after the the loss last night!tickets for the brittany and nicki minaj 2mo night - i need2get looking	1							
1	yay inbetweeners is in the cinemas august 17th    should be well funny	1							
1	i wanna go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight!	0							
1	if i said lady gaga is at britney spears' concert tonight.... would you hold it against me??? #britneygaga #clichehiamplug	0							
1	four lions is on sunday night @ 9pm on  make sure you watch it boys. (eid mubarck imran) #veryfunnyfilm	1							
1	"had a great chat with top international referee dave pearson. bit in tomorrow's journal, & big feature nearer the rugby world cup kick-off."	1							
1	kicking off in london tonight? wait til you see the west ham fans tomorrow after we've beaten them 3-0 ;)	1							
1	"*singing in my beyonce voice* i may be young, but i'm ready...to give you all my love"	0							
1	rt  steelers gonna beat the ravens tomorrow lol	1							
1	"lmao. i feel like kevin hart *clappin hands* ...real talk, keep talkin shit & imma smack the shit out you! you ever go night night nigga?!"	-1							
1	"rt  charlie sheen roast: jon lovitz, william shatner join the mock fest: source:  --- thursday, septe... htt ..."	0							
1	listening to that elvis presley... he may be on to something with his rock and roll!	1							
1	five year old decided he needed to follow a 2nd team when abs not playing. which one? after alot of thought: tonga	0							
1	rt  boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against #gop2012 debate. what? same time as packers ...	-1							
1	four lions is on c4 at 9pm sunday if you haven't seen it	0							
1	sons of anarchy is arguable the most under appreciated show. you may think you're not into \motorcycle gangs~\ but this show is perfect.	1							
1	"michael jackson's doctor, conrad murray is scheduled to go on trial on september 8th.  can he receive a fair trial..."	0							
1	"microsoft wasted my whole day today... but now i'm on win 7 sp1 v69sq with rockets on it. make it simple microsoft!  also, i'm buying a mac."	-1							
1	irene thank you very much for your lovely mts today much appreciated! hope you have a great weekend!	1							
1	rt  celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. hurrraaaaah! its a back to school special&lt;~ yayyyy	1							
1	"last night for  lloyd robertson. a sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. #legendary"	-1							
1	off to see toby keith at the red rock casino amphitheater tonight in vegas. oh yeah :-)	1							
1	"rt  very impressed with joco teenage republicans! 16 teens showed up today, ready to #fight big government and obama! #nobama"	1							
1	maybe she won't...but shit then again maybe she will... - she will ft drake coming out today ! single off carter iv !	-1							
1	"congrats! :d supernatural is my fave show and vampire diaries is 2nd! eager to see you in tvd, loved you in spn! :d &lt;3 #ishappy"	1							
1	"saturday night: eating donuts, drinking a slushie & watching sons of anarchy sans pants. living the dream, people. just living the dream."	1							
1	watching eclipse with katiee then vampire diaries for the rest of the night(:	0							
1	rt  so.... this evening i held  nokia n9 in my human hand. and now i fucking want one. #n9 #yesreally	1							
1	democrats will quickly implode and concede.  obama will either veto the boehner bill or invoke the 14th amend...then impeach!	-1							
1	rt  i will be at the movies friday night to see \final destination 5\. i'm in love with scary movies :)	1							
1	be here tonight at 6pm to see the ufc middleweight championship fight between anderson silva and yushin okami for free!	0							
1	"weird thing today, my copy of deus ex: hr shipped. probaby have the box a few days before steam lets me play it."	1							
1	"rt  elvis presley's 34th death anniversary is on aug 16. 14 aug, today is the independence day of pakistan."	0							
1	do you think you could please more women in 1 night than charlie sheen?	0							
1	"rt  for those who haven't heard, lady gaga has attended britney spears' femme fatale tour tonight! godgalovesgodney"	0							
1	"if twilight wins all the awards at the tca's tonight, i will burn my twilight posters k? ok."	-1							
1	good! well summerslam is on early monday morning live here at 1am so il be up watchin it for the great one.. #teambringit	1							
1	ahhh! my mom said yes for me to go the a$ap rocky concert!! nov 8th we out! #excited	1							
1	"even our power point in tok didn't want to do anything today, so it changed the language. #friday #tokadventures"	-1							
1	jungle island makes good on $2 million payment: jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami ci...	0							
1	wait what's suppose to be going on tomorrow at cypress?	0							
1	"wooohoooo channel 4 is playing the film four lions on sunday at 9pm, everyone should watch such a funny film!"	1							
1	in an ideal world oregon and boise state will win sept 3rd and give power to the pac nw! #goducks	1							
1	- how true. think it's time for another deus ex playthrough before dx3 is released friday week.	1							
1	i am sure you know this but good night irene was a an old love song.	0							
1	rt  come to \boot ride & rally with sons of anarchy & navy seal marcus luttrell\ today from 3:30 pm to 6:30 pm. ride... ht ...	0							
1	are you off somewhere nice? i'm bored today. got a list of 395 applications i need to get ready for windows 7. tedious	-1							
1	"tokyo , seoul , london , new york kimama ni sekai wo drive tonight kakuchi de hirou suru new style :)"	0							
1	one of the main influences for  2nd album is michael jackson... no joke.	0							
1	i bet. they are coming to vegas the 20th. i wanna go then. what were tickets there?	0							
1	rt  thanks rachel for the love on big brother last night! glad to entertain you on	1							
1	oh my god everyone please stop talking about the steelers tonight. we are not playing. we are irrelevant tonight.	-1							
1	"good morning, you two. have you heard about obama, the un, and #agenda21?  he's a traitor."	-1							
1	details of matches we're showing live for the rugby world cup coming later today.	0							
1	rt  foreign minister surapong to file complaint against democrats with police on mon at 3pm	0							
1	"talked bulletproof design among other cool topics with the mta yesterday. no, seriously, bulletproof design."	1							
1	"if he truly loves his party, boehner should be doing all he can to schedule obama's address on the same night as the gop debate."	0							
1	pj harvey or king creosote would be deserving winners of the #mercury2011 prize tonight but think tinie tempah will nick it	1							
1	the all blacks face tonga tomorrow in rwc. tonga has it's own haka which should make for entertaining viewing. #rwc2011	0							
1	okay this wookie boy too childish he say i gotta hear my favorite song 1st and this niggah play 1+1 by beyonce :) i love that song man;	1							
1	i was just talking 2dan.he said they use 2close the wharf in monterey when michael jackson was there at night. he was in monterey 1s a month	0							
1	rt if you think that john cena is going to win at summerslam this sunday	0							
1	about as much interest in today as i do in the rugby world cup. #zero	-1							
1	tweet di brintey so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight. love you girl.- britney	1							
1	"well, our playwright mel didn't make it to #dawnsearlylight today due to mta's incompetence. so i guess we gotta eat his birthday treats..."	-1							
1	"sunday dialogue: curing the health system: ... fostered by republicans who place ideology over country, took tha..."	-1							
1	so u tx me and ask if i can spend the night.haha i don't even know u (kevin hart voice) haha	1							
1	rt  my article preview: anderson silva vs. yushin okami. #ufc134 rio. give it a read before the fights tonight. #mma htt ...	0							
1	either of you la guys going to summerslam on sunday?	0							
1	great night with  now watching vampire diaries again &lt;3	1							
1	was a nokia n9 left behind at tonight's seminar at st johns? in the rush to leave i think i left mine behind.	0							
1	rt  alright everyone lets do this. 2 winners tonight at 9pmest. girl and boy winners. 1600 microsoft points. @ me and follow fo ...	1							
1	"oh that'll be nice. where you going? umm think i'm going to see inbetweeners on wednesday, otherwise free? hannibal rising?"	1							
1	rt  michaeling: (v) (a): talking or tweeting about michael jackson a lot.  examples: \i was michaeling all day today.\	0							
1	beohner \got 98% of what he wanted.\  fact: dow down 634 today and boehner owns every point. #p2 #fok #maddow #teaparty	0							
1	i'm sorry she may be the queen but madonna is a bitch #gogaga	-1							
1	mail on sunday: cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more ...	1							
1	"channel 4, friday, 10.25pm i think. looks like it's going to be a really good documentary. obama's involved!"	1							
1	so if the premiership is called off on saturday who is for inbetweeners?	0							
1	"you guys realize that summerslam is this sunday, right?? why does the card have only 4 matches right now?"	-1							
1	macdougall is killing the raiders.  mad dog scores 2nd after good leadup work from gidley and houston. gidley misses kick. knights 16-4	-1							
1	one night like in vegas i make dat nigga famous	1							
1	anderson silva is fighting saturday in the ufc.  you know he can't lose.	1							
1	jersey shore season four tonight :) x	1							
1	wrapping up this jersey shore commercial today. fist pumping all day	0							
1	"rt  damn. who becomes the 3rd back, ajayi?  rt  boise state rb malcolm johnson tore acl in practice yesterday."	0							
1	"elvis presleys 34th death anniversary is on aug 16. shammi kapoor, the man they often called india's elvis presley, passed away on aug 14."	0							
1	democrats call on lt. gov. ard to resign: democrats called thursday for the immediate resignation of lt. g...	-1							
1	"rt  rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 ..."	0							
1	this #earthquake may be the only thing in the history of the mta that hasn't caused service disruptions...	-1							
1	rt  check out the brand new video for  'dinosaurs' released aug 29th on mta.	0							
1	went to see \rise of the planet of the apes\ tonight great movie b+ for sure.  !!lchris-rockz!!!	1							
1	windows 7 brain damage this evening. apple should just buy microsoft and crush the life out of it. please.	-1							
1	"yeah, it's on netflix i think now. i still like the futuristic and action concepts even today."	1							
1	rt  also back to school special celebrity juice on itv2 tonight! oushhhhh	1							
1	i was watching ex-ministries videos today and found out some shocking news about michael jackson!	-1							
1	"what the what? too out of it to google it now, will check in the morning, but sure, up 4 anything that isn't going back to sd."	0							
1	the raiders game is tomorrow and i'm juiced. who is going or wants to go to the game?	0							
1	nikki walker will miss rugby world cup on account of the knee injury he sustained yesterday v italy. details on	-1							
1	singsnap | one night with you by jclabb in the style of elvis presley	0							
1	i on sunday: ahead of inbetweeners film 10 other sitcoms which went on holiday to big screen + watercooler + hero of the week michael winner	0							
1	i could have had the best day ever!..if i had went to tha nicki minaj concert in ac tonight...	1							
1	so far today ive been asked who will win the rugby world cup and what the score would be between darlington/fleetwood	0							
1	rt  want to wish legendary broadcaster lloyd robertson a great final newscast tonight.  the man is a total class act.  #ctv  #l ...	1							
1	jeff wagenheim: viewers' guide to ufc 134: anderson silva (left) puts his ufc middleweight title on the line sat...	0							
1	a night to just lay up & watch movies on netflix.	0							
1	so who wants to watch the steelers game with me on sunday?	0							
1	see what we just published at #mma rants today: anderson silva made the most disturbing burger king comme	0							
1	shammi kapoor funeral on monday as tirbutes pour in - channel newsasia: known as the elvis presley...  #elvispresley	-1							
1	"watched the cricket, awesome game, followed by jersey shore and seven dwarves! great night of tv!"	1							
1	good morning killa! who's your pick for the georgia - boise state game this saturday?	0							
1	watching kung fu panda 2 with the tribe & the nieces...a mellow evening	1							
1	"rt  \truth is like the sun. you can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.\, elvis presley"	0							
1	"my 1st ever male frnd in london just send me a ping!!! dat ping is so annoying, he is my 1st gud frnd bet why dis ping??? angry much"	-1							
1	fake democrats lose in wisconsin primary recalls all six fake democrats lost to democrats supported by the party in primaries tuesday that	-1							
1	*turns off phone and locks door.* i just got season 1 of vampire diaries from mom. i'm gonna watch it all with anna today.	1							
1	i mean u goin to be on vegas on the 30th october?	0							
1	becoming a conrad murray trial juror: showbiz tonight goes inside the jury selection process of the conrad murra...	0							
1	summerslam may be interesting after all!  saves the day again. #raw	1							
1	"steve jobs is my man of the century. 10 years ago, they were this close to bankruptcy. today, apple is the most valuable company in d world"	1							
1	rt  no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's republicans	-1							
1	"rt  w00t.  rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tu ..."	0							
1	can't wait until anderson silva taps out tonight	1							
1	"someone comes to me and is like 'irene, what time did u got home yesterday? what time did you left here' #plantation"	0							
1	boehner sent a letter?  tweeted yesterday about one from cantor.	0							
1	season 3 of sons of anarchy needs to hurry the eff up already. come on august 30!  #addictedtonetflixinstant	0							
1	so the dude on shameless last night is lucien from big brother	0							
1	- nope. as soon as i heard that wayne was planning to drop his album on itunes the night after the vma's i knew he was trying...	0							
1	"last night i had a dream that i made it to the vma's , & i was on 106&park talking about my album coming out. time to make it all a reality."	1							
1	"15 years ago today, i was in prague, for the kickoff of michael jackson's history tour....  good times & good memories.  #michaeljackson"	1							
1	can't wait to see  on celebrity juice tonight!	1							
1	i shall now spend the rest of the night on netflix. #addiction	0							
1	"ha!rt  after a weekend of subway mayhem, the mta expects service to return to normal for your morning commute"	0							
1	"ok, so i've watched jersey shore today for the first time ever. can't say i believe the hype. but its comical."	1							
1	rt  our new dance instructor for #clubfitness has toured w/ beyonce!!! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be ...	0							
1	"repaired elderly female's windows 7 based laptop today (pro bono) and in her living room was the largest 1080i cathode ray tube ever, 55\."	0							
1	droid bionic comes out the 8th? ohhhh hmm...	0							
1	nothing like a steak dinner then true blood on demand with my favorite person on earth! perfect saturday night :)	1							
1	"boehner wants obama to move his speech on wed to thurs of nxt week, due to the gop debate on wed. no sense of urgency while americans suffer"	-1							
1	"rt  fire up the outrage machine, because channel 4 are showing four lions as part of a 9/11 anniversary season:  ..."	-1							
1	we salute you lloyd robertson. good evening. #ltotheltotheoyd #fb	1							
1	"cannot afford to go like  in the 4th. carter iv has to be great, anything less its a failure"	-1							
1	four lions is a brilliant film but i think it may be a bit insensitive of channel 4 to show it so close to 9/11...	-1							
1	guess what im working in the day on 17th meaning you can come over so we can be excited aaaaand we can go see inbetweeners!	1							
1	up to the 4th episode of true blood 2nd season.  it gets better & better.	1							
1	who goin to see kevin hart on the 8th ?	0							
1	"today: republicans might hate obama's health care law, but fighting the details is tough."	0							
1	up watching kevin hart videos knowin i gotta drive in the morning.	0							
1	rt  the  take on canada tonight @ 9pm est in a warm-up before the rugby world cup - if you have direct tv... ht ...	0							
1	michael jackson doctor trial to begin jury selection thursday: jury selection in the manslaugher case against dr...	0							
1	rt  the 7-yr old real madrid signed isn't just an advanced passer. kid can pee standing up at a 9th grade level:  ...	0							
1	"are you waiting for nokia n9 getting released in us... well, that may not happen.  :("	-1							
1	"i honestly cannot believe why australia aren't taking  to the rugby world cup. might not be 1st choice, but still a talent."	-1							
1	"thoughts and prayers with pavol demitra's family today, and the entire hockey team who perished in a plane crash today."	0							
1	"rt  big brother last night on channel 5 peaked at 2 million and beat bbc two, itv1 and c4 in it's slot. plus cbb final t ..."	0							
1	might just watch the rest of jersey shore online n call it a night	0							
1	hehehehe can't wait for the 3rd season of vampire diaries (:	1							
1	rt  i'm making a date with somebody early to go to the show september 9 to see kevin hart any takers? --- meee	0							
1	"ask for lil wayne, get michael jackson. bug me about wiz khalifa, get guns & roses. the point of the night is to step outside the matrix.."	-1							
1	rt  my article preview: anderson silva vs. yushin okami. #ufc134 rio. give it a read before the fights tonight. #mma htt ...	0							
1	woods down to 30th in world rankings: tiger woods has dropped another two places to 30th in the latest world rankings.	0							
1	gonna miss big brother tonight.	-1							
1	it's 1:30 in the morning and all i want to do is watch the vampire diaries. sad.	-1							
1	free. just ask you post a tweet or video about it. but i can't send anything for 2 weeks as i'm flying to japan tomorrow.	0							
1	"finished deus ex last night.  should probably stay tight-lipped, but i think i can get away with saying the ending is superb!"	1							
1	rt  new blog post: verizon to finally release the droid bionic by motorola tomorrow	0							
1	"wwe monday night raw: live blog, results & coverage of the road to summerslam - bleacher report: bleacher ...  #live"	0							
1	"morning news reported about ' fukushima daiichi ', and it's queer to hear about what's going on in japan outside japan."	0							
1	"rt  rt  names you may know on lokomotiv's roster: pavol demitra, karlis skrastins, karel rachunek, ruslan salei, ..."	0							
1	"timezones outside of canada seem to confuse me, but i'm cheering for tonga in tomorrow's #rwc opener.  at least, i think it's tomorrow."	0							
1	"boehner rejects 7th, invites obama on 8th, nfl opening night. so obama just has to speak @ wh on 7th to \save\ football coverage? #doitnow"	0							
1	i would use that in ads from now until october 31st 2012. republicans politics first country somewhere in the top 100.	0							
1	desperately needing girl talk! cart wait for true blood tomorrow with  &	0							
1	celebrity juice on tonight!!! #bangtidy	0							
1	stuck at the office tomorrow saffers? missing ab's v tonga? try  on streaming alternative rugby commentary - arc	-1							
1	"ddb los angeles announced today the launch of its new campaign for deus ex: human revolution, the highly anticipated third installmen..."	0							
1	"wohooo! rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk"	1							
1	i wanna watch the teen choice awards tonight but can't stand it when flippin' twilight wins everything when they don't deserve to...	-1							
1	"little story. my dad asked me today, \who is silva fighting tonight?\ and i replied \yushin okami.\ 5 minutes later my dad asks..."	0							
1	"rt  oh look, four lions is on channel 4 tonight. do watch it if you haven't before. brilliant film; i properly laughed an ..."	1							
1	shating   rt  celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. hurrraaaaah! its a back to school special	1							
1	rt  golf balls with pelosi's face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today.  | sick!	0							
1	"and here it comes! the main bout for the evening, anderson silva vs. yushin okami #ufcrio"	0							
1	"today i saw many great news, like _hp touchpad_ discount and another news is about nokia n9 swipe. this new..."	1							
1	rt  how brilliant.if adam scott finishes tied 2nd or better then his caddie steve williams will make more than tiger woods for th ...	1							
1	inbetweeners and ben and jerry's tonight i think !	0							
1	obama's free trade agreement with the cartels. he exports guns and imports drugs using our money to do it  #teaparty #2nd	-1							
1	china renews google's operating licence: china said wednesday it had renewed google's licence to operate in the ...	0							
1	pretty good.. hbu? ready to watch the raiders tonight??	1							
1	"it's a historic day at ctv...  tonight, lloyd robertson will anchor the national news for the last time #lloyd"	1							
1	"ha rt  start of nfl preseason tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season, and the end of raiders postseason hopes."	0							
1	hmmm..thinking that now is a good time to win the lottery. #311day2012 in vegas and #311cruise in may...decisions to be made!	1							
1	good morning irene ^_^ have a nice day!	1							
1	can't wait to go to the movies on saturday to see final destination 5 (:	1							
1	"rt  all across the us, with live feeds down, big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months."	0							
1	rt  with the ceremony tomorrow today's  tracks of the day come from pj harvey and metronomy	0							
1	imma check it out then wait till the carter iv drop on the 29th before i make a decision like that one lol	0							
1	the 1st deus ex game was only ported to the ps2 home console. #deusex	0							
1	so the new season of jersey shore started tonight...8.30pm to 9.30pm on mtv....i remembered at 9.35....damn!.	-1							
1	"gamers!! don't even think about missing the blurb tonight on challenge at midnight. we've got rage, deus ex, bodycount, dead island & more!"	1							
1	in the car with the parents on the way back home home. heading to atl to say good-bye to \sweet irene\tomorrow.	1							
1	anyone going to tomorrow night's nz vs tonga game? what colours will you be wearing?	0							
1	can't find the angle i was watching but it looked a bit like rvp v barcelona 1st leg to me.	0							
1	bro u gotta see my videos today i was jukin the shit out the raiders	0							
1	lloyd robertson set to end 41-year run as national news anchor tonight - news957:	0							
1	how was your day today? did you enjoy watching softball. we missed you on tiger woods	0							
1	lmfao! you know why they call japan the \land of the rising sun\ right?...cause everyone there is squinting all day long.	1							
1	the mta should cost less at night. i think i waited more than 45 minutes. and it's pretty freaking hot underground. thanks. #nycproblems.	-1							
1	i might treat my mommy' to the movies saturday to  see \final destination 5\ !	1							
1	anderson silva better fuck up yushin okami tonight.	1							
1	"let's watch today's vampire diaries part online, with my \7 up\ next to mexd good company.."	0							
1	"hey doll, i will be riding with the cast of sons of anarchy for a charity event supporting the military on aug 28th."	0							
1	"had a good day at brid, now off to bed. cant wait to see inbetweeners on wednesday! &lt;3"	1							
1	so i just saw the commercial 4 michael jackson the immortal world tour by cirque du soleli is going to be here july 20 & 21	0							
1	"please entertain me tonight, it's the final #raw leading into summerslam! #respeckkk"	0							
1	please believe on sept 9th i will be in the theater watching kevin hart's new movie...	1							
1	"last day in ibiza aka heaven in earth, barcelona tomorrow #livingthegoodlife"	1							
1	on my way to the airport with 50 min sleep all night...eyes burning like i'm on true blood..wtf	0							
1	and that's the kind of life it's been. lloyd robertson signs off sept 1:  via  &lt;-- he'll be missed!	0							
1	it still hasn't hit me yet that tomorrow is steelers & ravens day.	1							
1	sometimes you just got to put the michael jackson song from free willy on repeat all morning.	1							
1	our new dance instructor for #clubfitness has toured w/ beyonce!!! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be crazy!!!	1							
1	omg worst last 10 days in a while. looking forward to true blood to cheer me up tonight.	-1							
1	haha ayee ! im goin wit you cosn rt  goin to the raiders game today. in my niner hoodie and niner beanie. wit my bourdeuxs.	1							
1	def goin to see that kevin hart in the movies sept 9.	1							
1	sept 19 rt  i'm hella mad they just showed a \sons of anarchy\ commercial & (cont)	0							
1	"and if buddy love shows up, angelina jolie, madonna, and sandra bullock, may wake up in a bed with a black male they didn't adopt.\"	-1							
1	i may love asians from japan! but i have a girl that i'm gonna marry. believe it! she's a ghetto ass short girl that's clumsy as fuck lol.	1							
1	"3 grown adult males watching kung fu panda 2. on 2nd thought it would be awkward anywhere but hk, land of \murses\"	-1							
1	saw \rise of the planet of the apes\ with the gf last night...it was a pretty damn good movie...y'all should go check it out	1							
1	today's #ff number 1 goes to  because he's soo good at computers that steve jobs is worried about job security.	1							
1	"somewhere in appleland, steve jobs just spit his morning coffee onto his computer screen. eah!"	-1							
1	rt  if the votes are for the best album then pj harvey will win tonight	1							
1	next monday = vampire diaries are back! watch it :) very happy now :)	1							
1	"rt  remembering the good times with pavol demitra, i was there on this night....deeply saddened by todays tragedy  ..."	-1							
1	"beyonce sang the words we could never come up with! \best thing i never had.\ i didn't give the song a chance @ 1st, but it's growing on me."	1							
1	"...\including former kings forward pavol demitra, former kings prospect jan marek and many other members of the nhl family.\"	0							
1	"new zealand vs tonga,1st start with opening ceremony then2haka's then let the game begin."	0							
1	"oh god, just realised i'm chain-smoking in mother's party wig and pretending i'm pj harvey. gonna get disemboweled in the morning for stinky"	0							
1	congrats to lloyd robertson on the gordon sinclair award tonight at the geminis. last broadcast on ctv nat'l news is thursday.	1							
1	boise state's jerseys for the game saturday are sick.  you won't be dissapointed.	1							
1	congratulations to all the idiots rioting in nth london tonight - suppose we'll see you in the education related protests soon #singlecell	-1							
1	tuesday is the 34th anniversary of the death of elvis presley? watercooler ? what is elvis' biggest selling single?	0							
1	"tomorrow night i'll be at the goldfish bar for the deus ex launch, anyone wanna come for free?"	0							
1	k im done lookin at nicki minaj's titties for 2nite..found someone to skype with! smiles for those late night skype sessions.god bless women	1							
1	the \sneak peek\ of the hunger games last night on the vma's was ridiculous! i am soo mad i watched e4w4fl	-1							
1	"hore ! rt  kung fu panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk"	0							
1	"just watched four lions, cool. awesome song to finish it with too. #nowplaying aphex twin - avril 14th"	1							
1	failed yet again with #bpos and their customer service - \overnight work\ - guess what microsoft? it's morning here.	-1							
1	the wisdom of not running phony republicans tonight is this: all six dems are now winners. all six repubs are losers-to-be. #wirecall #p2	-1							
1	"this friday night at the warehouse, dowtown shreveport, 9 pm. irene and the sleepers, super water sympathy, and cowboy mouth!! be there! rt!"	1							
1	obama is weak because he could have done it alone with the 14th ammendment when he knew that congress would block it.	-1							
1	springbok captain john smit has torn ligaments in his right arm and may miss out on the rugby world cup. ek dink dis gooie nuus! sorry!	-1							
1	saadra: the droid bionic may be the most hyped phone in the history of gadgetdom. the latest round of spyshots c...	1							
1	uk won't be getting the nokia n9 either: nokia just announced yesterday that the first and probably the only mee...	-1							
1	"i'm going to vegas tomorrow, but i'm guessing you're going to sleep in. i'm out at 7:50 a.m."	0							
1	"goodnight,irene.al,you are easily amused. this club stinks.i think that the brewers may upset the apple cart and win the nl pennant."	-1							
1	remembering former st. louis blues star pavol demitra today. he was a true talent & class guy all the way. a very sad loss for his family.	-1							
1	"un chief heads to japan as nuclear crisis simmers: un chief ban ki-moon arrives in japan on sunday, where he pla..."	0							
1	are you counting down the days till august 29th?? i know i am! tha carter iv is going to be #epic!	0							
1	tiger woods mistress charged with dui: you may remember jamie jungers as tiger wood's fourth mistress to come ou...	0							
1	we will explain the true cause of the london riots on the front page of the sun : immigrants. 'hero police' will also get a headline.	-1							
1	"wales' rugby world cup squad will be named at 9:00pm tonight, melbourne time. we'll soon find out whether the..."	0							
1	we was on the move today. that mta was not sexy though. whippington is needed	-1							
1	in barcelona tomorrow... time to bring out the tees and shorts :))	1							
1	"her's us making sure people feel ok with windows 7 today :) buy windows 7 today, keep same pc for windows 8 upgrade"	1							
1	rt  new photo from tonight of lady gaga and britney before brit's concert tonight!	0							
1	mbaaah!shut up & sleep or sit down!((((boom))))*i love nohle* rt  wish i could fly to irene just 2 get my good night kiss!! #sigh	1							
1	rt  vampire diaries season 3 scoop: vicki is at odds with anna - today's news: our take | tvguide.com -	0							
1	rt  lady gaga attending the femme fatale - britney spears concert in new jersey tonight	0							
1	really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell \i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore!\ #lloyd	-1							
1	"some well known names \may\ have been on the plane according to the toronto star ,,, pavol demitra, josef vacicek"	0							
1	"droid bionic seemingly clears the fcc, may finally be headed for (us) glory"	1							
1	the run time for final destination 5 is 1 hour and about 33 mins. it is premiering at the chinese theatre tonight.	0							
1	"rt  hey #gop, no matter how you slam obama, you own our credit rating downgrade. it is all your fault, & we'll remind you in no ..."	-1							
1	wayne is on his 4th single w/ carter iv already & still no album drop.. sounds to me like he's searching for hits but hasn't found one yet	-1							
1	rt  suengyeon said that 'kamilia is miracle' in the fanmeeting in japan yesterday.	0							
1	"lloyd robertson's last newscast is tomorrow night.  the end of an amazing career. and honestly, the end of an era #thatsthekindofdayitsbeen"	1							
1	so sad to hear about pavol demitra & the other khl players' tragic passing in the plane crash today. absolutely terrible news.	-1							
1	four lions in on this sunday. have to record that. still not seen it yet.	0							
1	". 'i can't see myself leaving real madrid, if the president told me to sign on for 10 years today, i would do it..'"	1							
1	"pj harvey has to win, nobody deserves it more, the new album was amazing!"	1							
1	real madrid sign a 7year old from argentina maybe the next messi!!	0							
1	classy rt  boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night...	0							
1	"end of time by beyonce, i heard it today and iim hooked, ahhhhhhhhhh i love it to the ultimate max!!!!!"	1							
1	ha! they got pics of nicki minaj boobies coming out when she performed on good morning america	0							
1	re doing a bio and watching the republicans debate while smashing some pineapple sherbet. not sure what to make of this evening lol	0							
1	won my 5th tourney in 5 trys on the pga tour in tiger woods 12 moved from 275 in the world when i started all the way down to 71 tigers next	0							
1	"got you in 6th rd. have a great year! here we go steelers, here we go!"	1							
1	"beyonce needs a new sound. you may call it hating, i'm just being real."	-1							
1	look forward to watching alex reid on celebrity juice at 10pm on itv2 tonight.	1							
1	im getting the carter iv when it comes out august 29	0							
1	"ravens vs steelers game tomorrow, we are going to whip there asses lol #teamfollowback"	1							
1	one lucky person will win a droid bionic from  sept 10th. i hope it will be me.  droid bionic is awesome!	1							
1	just found all of st: voyager on netflix. i know what i'm doing for the rest of the night. woo!!	1							
1	today a white boy told me nicki minaj was the best female rapper. i beg to differ. since when do schizophrenics get recognized like that?	-1							
1	"well the cool thing with democrats in power, doma is getting reviewed on the 20th."	1							
1	"nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to #16 on the official uk top 40 :)"	1							
1	rt  have you hated auburn today?	-1							
1	the amanda knox appeal case resumes september 23rd. do you think knox and sollecito will walk free? -	0							
1	"dunno, sky reporting it tonight, everton & bolton also interested according to twitter search"	1							
1	rt  espn got some good stuff on tonight.	1							
1	"aaron rodgers jersey battery room, under the windmill. wagnoli - 4 august 2011 - blog - designer wedding dresses sale,"	0							
1	ehm. well. uther was dying. merlin pulled the last spark of life from him and pesky morgana emerged 1st...	-1							
1	"full time. happy days. apologies for the tweetathon, gotta finish tomorrow's presentation now, derby in the morning. #pizzasweats #dominos"	1							
1	chargers pre season game with the seahawks on espn thursday. only pre season but still good to have nfl back on tv. #chargers	1							
1	because the night belongs to lovers -> nuit blanche :0)  #video #art #love	1							
1	saudi is playin against nigeria now at the wc may the best team win  ;)	0							
1	"may the sun in his course visit no land more free,more happy, more lovely, than this our own country..happy independence day."	1							
1	talk to my dad tonight and we suppose to go to detroit in october to c all my family nd my great granny!!	1							
1	espn stats from sco v ireland yesterday. haven't watched the game yet but the stats tell one story	0							
1	if i were the lions id call the falcons and offer a 6th for jason snelling.  would be perfect fit to fill leshore void.	1							
1	#jeopardy where everyone will be watching the ravens vs eagles game this thursday... what is  ?  #goodanswer	0							
1	come novemember thru january dont open your mouth about nfl	0							
1	"clemson sweatshirt came in today, got new uggs and got a couple pairs of 7 jeans....im ready but winter wont be the same."	0							
1	lmao no nigga on nfl fantasy i got pretty good team ill show you tomorrow	1							
1	after hearing the 3-11 day news and another! overtime the rest of the year! plus mexico in january!! i'm ready guys!!!	1							
1	good morning to you martina!! i hope your day is great too!! :) is it hot where you are? it's steaming here in bama!	1							
1	"rt   i'm going to the arsenal ladies v everton tonight, i'm nervous already. #fawsl"	-1							
1	need more espn football today/ #patriots today podcasts. get ross and matt riled up with more #bradyrules talk.	1							
1	#3words \tonight's the night\ #dexter	1							
1	"one name #illini fans will recognize on tonight's box score for new zealand is kirk penney, who played for wisconsin from 2000-03."	0							
1	for my book worms: murder in italy about amanda knox and \in the middle of the night\ about dr. petit family in connecticut are great reads!	1							
1	"spring colors week - wednesday: pink: this is a small chapel next to the main cathedral in cuernavaca, mexico. i..."	0							
1	"yea gonna watch family guy for a bit and try one last time in about half hour, if not i'll wait til morning i think"	0							
1	"rt  looking at the set for aladdin - great job  ! anticipating watching hundreds of kids sing, dance & act ton ..."	1							
1	sept 9-11th pcb florida 60$ a person due by aug 27th need 15 more people to fill the bus dm me	0							
1	"jets flying low over the house this morning. gives me a tingle of excitement. only a week to go before i take off. but 4now, out in2 cold."	1							
1	gandhi protested successfully never once resorting to violence. people today make me sick	-1							
1	"#omg, he's comming to mexico!! #myworldtour!!!! i'll be on 1st line, #believe. jb rt me:) 7"	1							
1	rt  rt  rumors say it is \tangled\ and it may replace beauty and the beast at studios and aladdin at dca. just a rumor for  ...	0							
1	"rt a dramatic hearing today in the case of amanda knox, the american woman convicted of murder in italy. story:"	0							
1	"rt  ..........so far, wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing. <<< -______-"	0							
1	aaron rodgers totally did the a.i. \practice?\ routine for the media today. it must be good to be a champion #packers	1							
1	rt  \ safest place to be in #tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet. there's no chance of looters vi ...	0							
1	"rt  amanda knox and raffaele sollecito return to court to continue appeal mon, sept 5th.freedom is just around the corner kids!"	1							
1	chess game today... if anyone is in dumbo today at the brooklyn bridge pier. come play a game with me.	0							
1	saturday is the last day of summer streets in nyc.. enjoy car-free streets  between brooklyn bridge and central park!	1							
1	"cannot wait for this cowboys game tonight! start it off right romo, j. e. t. s. #sucksucksucksuck"	1							
1	"according to reporters on the scene, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. sry bro"	-1							
1	addicted to #dexter... what's new. almost done with season 5 and i just got it on thursday!	1							
1	rt  andy rooney will make his last \60 minutes\ appearance sunday. here are his 10 grumpiest moments |	0							
1	happy b'day in italy :-) i know it's tomorrow but party is today! enjoy your time a mom&davide my disabled boy: we love u2	1							
1	if you thought the london riots were bad just wait til the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez tonight got cancelled	-1							
1	winnipeg : bogosian ready to bring it on with jets - winnipeg sun	0							
1	"this is the last sunday w/o football .....,nfl is back baby"	1							
1	did i miss the charlie sheen roast on comedy central or is it sept 19th?	0							
1	i stay up til 6:30 every morning just to watch between the lions.	0							
1	pls tell dale jr and the 88 team that they did great today. love them lots from bama.	1							
1	just commented on  amanda knox appeal enters final stages as it resumes today -	0							
1	rt  the lovely  on the show friday. until that beeyotch showed up andy rooney and i were the hottest mamacitas o ...	1							
1	entourage then going to eagles training camp tomorrow with  and	0							
1	rt  #rungeordierun should be given a heros welcome at the arsenal game on saturday.	1							
1	"rt  after losing 2 last week, today the gop is trying to win 2 senate seats in wisconsin by recalling 2 democrats. it l ..."	0							
1	"rt  1 more day of work tomorrow then it's bolton, first away of the season mcmcfmcfcok"	0							
1	amanda knox case: the obsession with what happened that night in italy	0							
1	rt  nolito with an assist and a superb winner for benfica against arsenal last night. he really is turning on the heat!	1							
1	nfl lions news: lions rookie rb mikel leshoure went down with an apparent leg injury during practice this morning...	0							
1	rt  my mom just told me she's getting an ipad 2 on friday....i better get a mac for christmas.	1							
1	city's excellent peformance today (apart from defending) i realised what a tough season it will be for everton	0							
1	rt  twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe's awesome hall of fame speech. we'll have the video clip on nfl.com a little later ...	1							
1	"rt  andy rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on  this sunday, cbs just announced."	0							
1	"glad to see the coaches are paying attention to their poll. auburn, which is likely to finish 5th in sec west, no. 19 in country?"	1							
1	comedy central is a good look tonight	1							
1	you're wearing the dexter shirt! // rt so...i was at the #teenchoiceawards last night...	0							
1	"the team i'd like to see play for everton tonight, howard, nev, jags, dist, baines; osman, rodwell, bark, billy; becks & saha. #efc"	0							
1	chigozie agbim and chibuzor okonkwo left the shores of nigeria on sunday morning to team up with the super eagles ahead of tuesday's intern	0							
1	guti's catch at the wall in may against the yankees at safeco and trayvon's catch are the leaders in the clubhouse.	0							
1	"#cowboysandaliens watched it last night, cowboys & indians (+plus aliens too) - brilliant western with a touch of favreau spice"	1							
1	"morning all, lovely rainy day in scotland yet again. back to watching  live stream #indieweekend and see what going on today =d"	1							
1	i think he and sanchez should both be sat down. time to bring back the 4-man rotation.	0							
1	"rt   nigga u movin to italy. yea my nigga, imma call ya tomorrow and rap with you bout it."	0							
1	it would make me and  's night if you replied or retweeted us! ireland loves jersey shore!!!	1							
1	is shrek at lions practice? rt .. lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury.	0							
1	"wow,ipad got just today free lol"	1							
1	rt  i can't for this ravens game on thursday .. first game of the preseason. --i'm so glad footballs back!	1							
1	thats what happens when you go to spurs. & btw to answer your prev q basically there was a shooting by the police last thurs	0							
1	"did dani get the results she wanted? good luck tonight v everton, c'mon the gooner girls"	0							
1	"doesn't this make you love them even more rt  surprise green day show thursday august 11th,"	1							
1	"mastered gamedev story, finally. now i'll have to get a new game for the flight tomorrow. suggestions? (ipad games)"	1							
1	ireland denied at the death in lacklustre murrayfield friendly (irish sun): share with fr...  #ireland #news #eu	0							
1	cheers lads everton is third today...oops i'm reading the league table upside down!	0							
1	so do i go to watch rise & super 8 today and then cowboys tomorrow? or do i leave it and do all 3 tomorrow? but be bored today...	0							
1	mass gathering in a single hotel room. mmm chinese. and i could put up with family guy for one night.	1							
1	"all you need is ryan leaf and you got a show. rt  aaron rodgers, kurt warner and kyle kendrick are all in the jungle tomorrow."	1							
1	watch espn tonight to see me burning  for a sick goal on the top ten. #realbackyardfifa	1							
1	morning tweeps! i'm going to milan today! yaay	1							
1	two dem incumbents face recall challenges tonight in wisconsin.  raises the curtain:	0							
1	amanda knox case: the obsession with what happened that night in italy #amandaknox	0							
1	"had a little trip out to the old town of albuquerque, could easily be mexico or spain! off to vegas 2moz should get there monday morning!"	1							
1	"rt  great practice today at  ...thanks  for the good rnds and milan,kyle griffen. time for lunch and s ..."	1							
1	i wonder what really went down the night meredith was murdered in the amanda knox trial.	0							
1	"tony romo better not fuck up tonight , i'm just hoping"	-1							
1	"quieter. my sis, brother in law and habibti are going back to ireland this afternoon ;/ tennis doubles sounds fun! enjoy! #juice!"	1							
1	i forgot how sad the first episode of the 5th season of dexter is. #depressing #dexter #darkpassenger	-1							
1	the 1st half goals was just to tell you how it is in premeirship.you really did your very best and #teamunited from nigeria loves u	1							
1	good morning auburn family! today feels like a good day to beat nick saban and bama at...everything! #thatincludesbeingbetterchristians	1							
1	sam loco efe (nigeria nollyhood star) is dead.  we are still mourning christy essien now it is sam loco's turn. may his soul rip. #jhub	-1							
1	wish i could go to church tonight:( i really do have a reason!	0							
1	"rt  forza milan ! ! ! rt  off, i will have a nice dream tonight #glorymu"	1							
1	"finally starting the 5th season of #dexter.  see ya later, weekend!"	1							
1	good luck to a scribe amidst the lions tonight at the sdmas!	1							
1	welp let's see if tony romo can put me over the top today #fantasyfootball	0							
1	rt  state tv: requests 2 join israel gas deal trial to the one today under judge ahmed refaat. next we'll add amanda knox tria ...	0							
1	"no out of market broadcast tonight with the espn game on at the same time though,correct?"	0							
1	"ravens vs the eagles thursday night , its going fuckin down #teamravens , no fuckin competition"	-1							
1	"today, wisconsin's last two recall elections will be held.  looks at the candidates in kenosha's race."	0							
1	just got one me lady!! waiting on the next!  merlin incense was a'smoking tonite!!!!!!	1							
1	while the met may not be perfect why don't you piss off to somewhere like mexico city if you don't like it!!?? #tottenham	-1							
1	"woohoo! rt  my homie  moves to alabama tomorrow, can't wait for her to meet the #rodomontade gang"	1							
1	"torre calls for more respect as player feuds cross line: on saturday morning, torre's ipad chimed with news of a..."	0							
1	are one direction still going to the sun studios in scotland on tuesday x can u pleese answer mee x	0							
1	nebraska doesn't land gesell...a top 100 guy in your state and you don't get him.  c'mon #nebrasketball	-1							
1	"hopefully heading to cowboys & aliens tonight, hopefully will be able to get in to see it, need some fun to watch"	1							
1	"best of luck to  tonight, who have a big league game against everton at borehamwood. 7pm k.o."	1							
1	pose of triumph!! jogged over the brooklyn bridge with my mom and sis  this morning. i'm so lucky.	1							
1	3 episodes of family guy tonight on bbc3. put a slight smile on my face :)	1							
1	"fittingly, it was premiership star daniel kerr who took centre stage as the eagles capped their 25th birthday..."	1							
1	what's going on tonight in detroit...	0							
1	sunday and a lovely #raggedtalk on skiing in scotland by the freewheelin' patrick d whelan. 12:45outoftheblue&drillhall #skiing #newnickname	1							
1	"cowboys and jets on one channel, family guy spoof of return of the jedi on another...it's a good night for tv!"	1							
1	uh drunk and tired and just remembered i'm going to ireland in the morning and need to pack. ireland :(	-1							
1	twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe's awesome hof speech. we'll have the video clip on nfl.com a little later tonight.	1							
1	so who's gonna go to the uab v. florida game on september 10th?????	0							
1	"1st episode of  arsenal podcast, i guested alongside  and  -  check it out!"	1							
1	keen for the eagles game today. #goeagles	1							
1	"megavideo is being such a little bitch tonight. i don't understand it. ugh. i just want to watch the last episode of merlin, kay"	-1							
1	"i want to go to church tonight (crusaders); kevin leal is ministering. i'm  nauseous, head-achy, & i need to finish an overdue assignment."	-1							
1	can't wait to see romo die tonight.	1							
1	win or lose i think most dallas fans would agree it's just great to play in games as big as this one tonight again after yrs of mediocrity.	1							
1	and the sox beat the yankees today so i can smile!	1							
1	"i drafted adrian peterson 2nd overall, tony romo in the 2nd rd and maurice jones drew in the 3rd round. beat that!"	0							
1	belladonna's zylona is at aladdin's tonight - come enjoy the show!  hold on to your hookahs - here's directions	1							
1	watch the free sneak peek of the latest season of family guy on itunes today	0							
1	"rt  there is also a second mexico city, mexico show on october 19th. same venue as the show on the 18th, palacio de los deportes."	0							
1	"ok sir rt  nigeria will still top the group.if we lose,we'll be 2nd & face brazil. (cont)"	1							
1	"church tonight, who will you bring????"	0							
1	good afternoon clemson fam!....let's finish out finals strong! we are taking care of business in the classroom...go tigers :)	1							
1	"he made her drive all the 10 hours up there fri, scotland pub crawl think it 3 hrs between cousins, back mon! twat"	0							
1	"how do you live beyond 100 years? join us as we find out the secrets of longevity in bama, china. p1/2 today on our noble lineage #vegan"	0							
1	mom left for scotland today. or ireland... keep forgetting where she went to. but both places have cool accents! i know that!	1							
1	stuck in the dallas airport until 11:20... on a saturday night #gettincrazy #getmehome	-1							
1	"haha,  are up and about! will have fun at work tomorrow w the lions fans...port got smashed too #goodtimes"	1							
1	seeing #thehelp tonight...yippee and checking out #hothouse on church with  :)	1							
1	and  open tonight for nuit blanche!	0							
1	"lions taken back to den for repairs: if you follow the pride in bournemouth trail today, you might be left scrat..."	0							
1	church notes: a live internet chat entitled \is more money the answer?\ will take place tuesday from 2 to 3 pm o...	0							
1	good luck tomorrow :) and  have you ever been to scotland or ireland.  and if you have did you like it?	1							
1	on comedy central tonight @ 9...i'm a grown little man and seriously funny...i'll be glued to the tv	1							
1	i think so far the most deserved award of the night goes to melissa mccarthy	1							
1	"perugia, italy (reuters) - american student amanda knox walked into a court room in perugia on friday for the fi..."	0							
1	"and the red sox too lol rt  rt  1st place yankees, whoohooooooo, fuck yeah babyyyy!"	1							
1	wilshere didn't play for arsenal on saturday and most papers report he's 'doubtful' for newcastle. why would there be an england 'row' ?	0							
1	"alabama : trent richardson on cover of si:  the junior running back is featured on the august 22 issue, alongsid..."	0							
1	had a great day today yay soxs beat yankees!!	1							
1	browns force aaron rodgers and the packers to go 3&out on 1st possession. browns are better than the steelers at one thing at least.	1							
1	there's a shop in auburn called 'morning glory' as well. don't know if it's a toy shop!!! #unbelievable	0							
1	sanchez has a lil jake plummer in him. i like this kid. nothing like throwing into triple coverage on 3rd 10 and holmes catches it	1							
1	"if you can wait until tomorrow, cowboys and aliens comes out."	0							
1	aaron rodgers may be the best qb in the nfl and he is still improving -yahoo sports! nigga fuck with my teamm	1							
1	"looking forward to the lions game tonight. tele on, sound down, and church on the radio. and the rey with a form to dream of!"	1							
1	got me a bama shirt like the 1 lil wayne had on last night at the concert #biting lol idc though lol	0							
1	so 1st official day of football! so excited! can't wait for some jets football monday night!	1							
1	turned on the news to see the riots in tottenham this morning. first thought was that spurs must have signed joey barton.	0							
1	won't see me :( i'm off to bolton later today for the weekend. typical timing as ever!	-1							
1	who's going to nuit blanche on saturday (7pm-7am)?!?	0							
1	just got back to the crib today wasnt so bad went to detroit and somerset	1							
1	i hope that is sept 11 or you are merlin living backwards in time	0							
1	good morning! listen at 7:20 to score lunch at aladdin's natural eatery in the trivia cafe...and at 8:20 for your tickets to darien lake!	0							
1	rt   tonight! come see me and the hottest gogo boys in dallas!!	1							
1	"rt  i wanna walk the brooklyn bridge one day, on a really nice night"	0							
1	"my mum & dad are going to nigeria on tuesday, everyone wish them a safe flight"	1							
1	"i cannot wait until college football! sept 14th, flying down with my brother to the florida v tennessee game, it's gonna be titss"	1							
1	"yess please it's been way too long, i move in 18th i'm going to tricounty and gonna transfer to clemson please come visit!!"	1							
1	it's 2.32 a.m. here in italy now :) tomorrow other amazing photos for you! ;) night! :d	1							
1	just heard that you are coming to mexico city on the 25th! i'm so excited! i'm doing everything i can to get tickets for the show!	1							
1	dinner tonight at the corner of mass ave and alabama from 5pm-8pm!! see you all there!! don't forget to try the  #lulu!! #getyourfix	0							
1	thinking about auburn is putting me in the best mood today.  #missyoubabe	1							
1	new story: norfolk woman dies in crash: a woman from northeast nebraska died saturday morning when the car she w...	-1							
1	"that singers in action in concert this thursday at the hammerstein is gon be epic! beres hammond, sanchez & wayne wonder....jeezus! #legends"	1							
1	at bolton 6th form college... a level celebrations for tonight include watching a dvd and staying in with the dog + a bottle of vodka #wild	1							
1	merlin! i've been up since 3am and have a busy day today. just kill me now.	-1							
1	rt  comedy central is on point tonight haha	1							
1	morning people...let's kick start this monday with this as we have independence day party on saturday.	1							
1	who going to the lions game friday?	0							
1	sorry about the yankees... there is always tomorrow.  want to fly to new york for a game?	-1							
1	reminds me of the best night of my life. rt  9am in dallas	1							
1	currently in egypt & looking 4 a decent website to watch everton tonight! ideas most welcome cheers coyb	1							
1	ay  u should go 2 the ufc fight in november when  detroys dos santos... mexico vs. brazil!. what u think?	1							
1	"well the ravens played there first preseason game this thursday againt the eagles, ravens d vs michael vick."	0							
1	"today was my country's independence day, went to the festival n they played american music the whole time o_o?? what the he'll is the point?"	-1							
1	signing flat papers today and then skating with my new derby chickas tommorrow #nervousmuch!	0							
1	made a shitty family guy gif last night out of boredom. gonna post it on tumblr.	-1							
1	hello everybody!!!how are you today?have a beautiful green day!!!!	1							
1	it's like painting the forth bridge - but won't be for much longer! see scotland on sunday today	0							
1	fuck everyone else #dexter is my friend tonight. bring it season 4	1							
1	rt  register now for the florida direct marketing association's nonprofit summit on august 18!	0							
1	here's a pic of my son before we took him to see you at training camp today! he's really a sanchez too!	1							
1	"waww,, i wanna have it rt   wow,ipad got just today free lol"	1							
1	rt  keen for the eagles game today. #goeagles	0							
1	rt  wilshere didn't play for arsenal on saturday and most papers report he's 'doubtful' for newcastle. why would there be  ...	-1							
1	":* :* :* rt  ;> ;> :))) rt  milan & bontet, 2 things that make me happy last night... ^_^"	1							
1	"rt  the moment after the last election i have prepared my mind for 4 years of no leadership, may god help nigeria"	-1							
1	"i'm gonna drop it by before you get home.  i've got a meeting tonight, so i'm dropping the boy by to sanchez before 5. :)"	1							
1	just ordered your amanda knox book rt  looks like judgment day is oct 3 or 4. #amandaknox	0							
1	rt  i lost respect for #annahazare the minute he sat at \duratma\ gandhi's graveyard yesterday. india does not need another ...	-1							
1	"im in ireland at the mo bro, got your text, im back tuesday, meet wed maybe?"	0							
1	"on september 3 at the pride park ground, derby, uk. there will be india vs pakistan football match. that will surely be worth watching!"	1							
1	i'm so excited because you are coming to mexico city in october! i love you follow me please #nsn	1							
1	"good night guys, not in the mood for anything right now :d enjoy today! to all singaporeans, happy independence day!"	1							
1	"awaiting update on mikel leshoure's injury. but so far, wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standi..."	0							
1	"anyway, i want to see sanchez play today. make it happen, guardiola. k, thanks."	1							
1	rt  good morning nigeria ! 1 more day to go ! get ready :)	1							
1	"well tonight is gonna be full of dexter, lotr, fifa, and fantasy football. let's  hope this isn't my college life."	-1							
1	"i've had better weekends. but whatever, i'm going to use today to sleep and watch dexter. and that's perfect."	1							
1	"the score may have been 38-26, but aaron rodgers kept right up statistically with favre. damn. #skolvikings"	1							
1	"tomorrow morning my bike community, kgb, will exercise #roadbiking on sudirman road but i'm not going because i have to go to church"	-1							
1	have seen 4 deer in dexter so far tonight	0							
1	two coaches mentioned are now on alabama's staff. that alone will make finebaum worth it tomorrow. #oldhabitspawwl	1							
1	"just booking my tickets for thursday night but i am spoilt for choice, enough seats left to get in with milan!"	1							
1	barely going to sleep after watching #dexter all evening! i love this show!	1							
1	rt  gandhi protested for years never one resorting to violence or theft. people today make me sick #londonriots	-1							
1	it's that time of year again!! the plains and the smell of saturday morning tailgates..it's auburn football season!! #wareagle	1							
1	"whoaa , well during the breaks i bee in dallas , so i might visit you in november , december , march , & thee summer ."	0							
1	rt  007 in detroit wed august 17th i'll be dancing live!!!!! d town stand up !!! get ready its going down!	1							
1	the fa will be bringing a new interactive road show to arsenal ladies ahead of the game against everton on thursday	0							
1	beer and chicken night! watching #dexter till the working hours (11.59pm - 8 am) maybe we should reserve the nickname \dexter\? might be fun	1							
1	..just finished watching the 4th season of dexter.  #relaxedtweet	0							
1	thinking about going tonight church tonight. everybody is invited. ladies free all night with a bible lol	1							
1	"the boys' took care of business tonight! 23-17 over the damn viqueens. felix, dez, & romo went ham!"	1							
1	you too lovely! i was like a big kid. see you tomorrow for x factor fun x	1							
1	thank you to  and   for signing my jets football today i really appreciate it you guys are class acts!	1							
1	"according to reports, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. anyone surprised?!?!"	0							
1	let's see if i can wrap up season three of #dexter tonight: only 1 more episode to go till the season finale. roll on series four please!	0							
1	read my response to \green day - last night on earth or last of the american girls?\:	0							
1	"watched all of  x factor video's last night. he needs to start making music, wicked voice!"	1							
1	rt  crimson confidential >> qb/rb threat blake sims may be just offensive weapon bama needs	0							
1	sensationalism at its finest. next thing you know we'll be hearing that graham harrell may take aaron rodgers' spot. smh.	1							
1	"in greenville for the night, clemson tomorrow!"	0							
1	ipad news:  romo will have to keep cowboys in the hunt - dallas morning news (subscription)	0							
1	"random friday fun: where in scotland, does legend have it, that merlin the wizard died??"	1							
1	watched 'gandhi' with gaurika today. was so nice answering her 100 questions. we should have some new age patriotic movies though...	1							
1	its ravens 1st!....then jets...then eagles....get it right ;) lol	1							
1	old school green day and sum 41 playing at work. i just might make it through the night	0							
1	rt  dexter like surgery theme please rt  hey were shooting the video for #radiosurgery this thursday! muahahahaha ...	1							
1	"aladdin looked very happy in the field today, and came over to say hi when we rode round the jumps :)"	1							
1	"momma goes to bama tomorrow , but  i am going over to mackenzie 's house later <3  #momyoubettagetmethatshirt (;"	0							
1	today in santa fe was the first time ii had seen someone use an ipad as a camera..it looked a little weird.	0							
1	the complete 5th season of #dexter is available on dvd today! or you could just watch it on demand..	1							
1	"get out the vote in wi tomorrow! rt  wisconsin recall, part two: fleebaggers face the music"	0							
1	15th august- the anthem still chokes me up. the flag still makes me proud. gandhi still looks over us.  happy& proud  independence day #fb	1							
1	the only dirty bombs on sunday will be the ones launched by mark \dirty\ sanchez and the jets as they pummel romo's homos #terror #nyj #wtc	-1							
1	so glad to be back in the big apple. off tomorrow to florida. #lookingfoward to a mini vacay #longoverdue	1							
1	"i've really, really missed hearing from green day, it was so nice seeing the video from the pipeline to a cure event yesterday :')"	1							
1	you wouldn't believe how many demon fans want you to succeed col - kick some butt today and be back for the  eagles.	1							
1	if i do get the pjob in bristol at espn all yall gotta come party with me before i leave.  i would let yall know asap. and the night before	0							
1	tony romo may want to check craigslist for hyperbaric chambers.	0							
1	rt  rt if you mentioned green day today.	0							
1	"oh yes, all italy make vacation in august incl. the soccer teams :))"	1							
1	"nfl update- jerricho cotchery is in negotiations with the pittsburgh steelers expected to take a physical today, ravens also interested."	1							
1	"rt  jane lynch hosting the emmys this sunday.guest presenters: rob lowe, ashton kutcher, melissa mccarthy & lea michele #emmys"	0							
1	"later start this morning - off to get the stitch removed from my arm, then up into cumbria we go and scotland tomorrow! #lejog go go go!"	1							
1	"rt  free agent wr jerricho cotchery, formerly of jets, traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens. visited pitt recently"	0							
1	nuit blanche is oct 1. let's hope it doesn't rain.	1							
1	"how about one up here for hometown fans?? rt  surprise green day show thursday august 11th,"	0							
1	"attention  fans!! come worship with him august 16th ,2011 gmwa marriott florida ballroom tampa, fl @ 3:15pm! don't miss it!"	1							
1	where is  going to be at tonight in detroit?	0							
1	rt  one thing i learned from living in detroit was when a nigga pull out a gun you get the fuck on. crazy ass night already!	-1							
1	why govt loosing sleep over anna hazare's fast. may be they don't want another gandhi like figure.	-1							
1	"rt  according to reporters on the scene at practice, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left ..."	0							
1	"if my cats were in philly, i would not be going home tomorrow. they're the only reasons i'm going back to florida."	0							
1	"hard to believe, huh? rt  watched my 1st episode of mad men (the pilot) on an ipad. second episode up next."	0							
1	dexter's 6th season is slowly becoming the best season of the series .. which is by the way a peace of art ! #legend #5ari8lel3ada	1							
1	"i get a night out tonight! going to see cowboys vs. aliens because i'll see anything with a name like that, and then the oven door fell off."	1							
1	rt  i copped the new straightstuntin today last issue..... dayum!!! detroit models you know who to come to when u want to b ...	0							
1	"rt  after observing clemson's linebackers earlier today, it's safe to say that position will undergo a drastic change in th ..."	0							
1	but let sanchez get through his 3rd season before we say if he's better then eli	0							
1	i have austin n dallas coming deep to venue tonight.  htown...lets show em how we do it out chea	1							
1	"well i've got to sort out hotels etc for when i'm in derby tonight, but i'll stay updated! cesc to score the winner?"	0							
1	"gym tonight dependent on how, erm... fresh, my kit is. otherwise its a pilgrimage to bolton first, or saturday morning. feeling good."	1							
1	bolton away tomorrow! hope  gets a game....after his quality pre-season. up the blues!  <3	1							
1	"2nd episode of family guy , i missed it the first time (:"	-1							
1	man united's equaliser today was superb. hopefully we'll be seeing many arsenal moves like that (with a shot at the end!) this season.	1							
1	pvr is set.rt lovely  on the show fri.until that beeyotch showed up andy rooney & i were the hottest mamacitas on cbs	1							
1	da way aaron rodgers lookin greenbay may take it again	0							
1	romo finished 2nd at acc again!: for the third consecutive year tony romo finishes second at the american centur...	0							
1	"o ok, well i'm not coming back to dallas tonight"	0							
1	we should donate it to arsenal.. they aint winning anythng! rt  19th community shield(yeah still silverware)	1							
1	rt  revis bats down sanchez pass to holmes. 3rd pbu by 24 in 2days. holmes makes up 4 it with catch on cromartie on next p ...	0							
1	rt  1st rule of the code: don't get caught  #dexter	0							
1	"#icanhonestlysay #dexter is such a good show, i may order showtime just because of it."	1							
1	man i love  stayed the night last night from detroit and we had a blast. love you 2wee.even tho we're right nxt to e/o ha	1							
1	merril hoge is stupid. i'm sick of hearing what tebow can't do. he may not be a #1 right now but it took aaron rodgers 3 yrs to start	-1							
1	lord i say this prayer today bless the red sox in anoint them for thay shall have victory over the yankees today in jesus amen	1							
1	would love to know the truth about amanda knox.	1							
1	"tigernet] wednesday football practice videos:  videos from clemson's fifth practice of the preseason, ...  #clemson	0	1	11101011110100, 111100110111101, 11100001110, 1110100, 110100, 111101011101, 1111110010111, 1111110101110, 11111111010, 10110, 100001, 10010, 1011101110, 111101111100011, 1111011010, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	comedy central going in tonight...	0							
1	yeah i got a yankees hat geez! yeah he got the old lettuce wrists! good night in austin last night then?	1							
1	what is true of the individual will be tomorrow true of the whole nation if individuals will but refuse to lose heart and hope. ~ gandhi	1							
1	rt  i just talked to melissa mccarthy. so happy she won last night. she called to offer me a role in bridesmaids 2.	1							
1	awwwwwright! it's leaving cert results night tonight - giggity giggity giggity goo !   (quagmire from family guy is in dublin tonight )	1							
1	"rt  at practice, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. > lions dropping like flies"	-1							
1	rt  #guelph nuit blanche tonight: 1:30am. bookshelf cinema parking lot - cfru's silent dance party.	0							
1	"haha! unlike scotland, it's bloody scorching here this morning, having my brekkie outside before heading out  - later!"	-1							
1	"had a pretty good night. jogging on the beach, swimming in my clothes. popcorn and family guy. excellent. :3"	1							
1	"today's life lesson courtesy of alabama - if you're gonna play in texas, you gotta have a fiddle in the band."	0							
1	final count down till the end of shift. 58 minutes left. excited for church tonight!	1							
1	i know it's so good! there's a marathon on comedy central. and yeah that really blows. do you work tomorrow?	1							
1	"rt  the guy is a nut, but i will miss andy rooney rambling about something ridiculous each sunday night:"	-1							
1	what do you think is happening at everton then mick after today's speech by bill?	0							
1	today is the day we have been waiting for all summer: the day we see aaron rodgers on the field again. so excited. #packers	1							
1	"lil sis just got lead part in aladdin. she is 6 and has to learn 101 pages  before friday. (she's aladdin, this is so typical of her!)"	1							
1	sanchez will be out tonight.	0							
1	rt  - it's boston red sox - ny yankees tonight! i won't see it anyways but i hope the yankees win :)	1							
1	yeah no love from espn but they will to bring up the drama at every opportunity so we may get tons of coverage	0							
1	"make sure you & the girls watch seasons 1-5 of #dexter, before season 6 premieres oct 2.  seasons 1 & 4 are the best!"	1							
1	"united, chelsea, liverpool and the 4th one i can't decide, either man city or arsenal."	0							
1	qb/rb threat blake sims may be just offensive weapon bama needs	0							
1	awesome week coming up. are you ready for some football ? ravens v. dream team thursday at 7:30 and redskins v....	1							
1	jackson back in camp monday  you ready to see the eagles lift up that trophy!	0							
1	"totally crashed my ipad tonight.  it locked up, and wouldn't even power off.  used the hold pwr and home bttn trick, to force reboot."	-1							
1	wow sti is off today since it's singapore's independence day	0							
1	is tomorrow the pre-sale for jb in mexico city? because ticketmaster is making a pre-sale tomorrow i'm sorry i''m so confused.	-1							
1	revis bats down sanchez pass to holmes. 3rd pbu by 24 in 2days. holmes makes up 4 it with catch on cromartie on next play. #nyj	0							
1	"opening today \the inbetweeners\ (15) 20.45 and cowboys & aliens (12a) 20.20 remember it's super saver day,so you..."	1							
1	i have to start packing tomorrow for auburn just so i won't forget anything saturday morning.	1							
1	for sure! tuesday noon et live on und.com ... #irish and nebraska ... i know you'll be tuned in!	1							
1	"althought the jets may have won in the last hour against the pats last season, no one should doubt how much this offseason has stirred up."	0							
1	i also had a dream last night that football season started and the ravens were playing the steelers and ray rice was running all over them	0							
1	steve  just heard green day's 'time of our life' for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears. i miss everyone...  seymour	-1							
1	"just seen your goals in the 5-2 city win against bolton in 2003. need to get them days back man, hope you play tomorrow. top player."	1							
1	yees i'm down. all my detroit frnds always talk about those malls but i've never been there! it's gna be my 1st time yaay!	1							
1	i'm going to auburn thursday now...	0							
1	"up early, wee early morning walk in the sun, then to ireland :)"	1							
1	at least by this time tomorrow the yankees will be standing on top once again!! who's ellsbury??	1							
1	bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on 23 sep  please rt xx #bsbp	0							
1	rt  cbs says commentator andy rooney will make his final weekly \60 minutes\ appearance on this sunday's edition:  ...	0							
1	"got some more great pix and vids tonight in chicago... not sure when they'll get uploaded, since i'm headed to detroit tomorrow."	1							
1	please please follow me' thank u for come to mexico the 30 september i love u so much :$ #nsn :bbb <3	1							
1	all set for an amazing day tomorrow as i present to the church what happened in ireland! hopefully it goes smoothly!!	1							
1	"if i have the belief that i can do it, i shall surely acquire the capacity to do it, even if i may not have it at the beginning - gandhi"	1							
1	"since tottenham's game against everton was postponed, they will start the season against man utd at old trafford on 22 august."	0							
1	lucky i didnt go to the spurs game last night	1							
1	he smokes weed rt  :o rt  baltimore sun >> ravens agree to deal with ricky williams	0							
1	"rt  last day in mexico city , excited to meet everyone from  in denver tomorrow"	1							
1	currently scheming with  . tech vs. clemson in blacksburg october 1st? i think yes. #oolegooo ! be prepared  it may happen	0							
1	"ironman uk, bolton highlights on tomorrow: 7.10 am on channel 4, or watch back on 4od! hope i can get a sneaky glimpse on it!"	1							
1	q: what is the weather like in italy in november?  and is that a good time to travel there? #italy #weather #ipad	0							
1	"happy friday everyone. except you, gandhi. because you're dead. hahahahahahaha"	1							
1	ima fall asleep to some family guy tonight .	0							
1	praying for 1st and 2nd wave of leaders going to the \x factor\ leadership retreat tomorrow! counting down till i join u all friday #impact	1							
1	good luck ladies at auburn and ok state as you begin recruitment today!!!	1							
1	"gonna watch the rest of x factor tomorrow cause i'm so tired, i just keep crying every time they mention take that."	-1							
1	reminded you of arsenal's traditional februray-april breakdown? get off your high horse...	-1							
1	just realized it's nuit blanche the night before the run for the cure. i feel like i'm in a stare down. who's gonna win?	0							
1	have i mentioned i'm going to florida on friday? cc final in the sun my friend.. lol	1							
1	the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet. there's no chance of looters visiting there. #gooners #goonerpower	1							
1	hi ben ^_^ hope to see you in seattle in october! i'm moving there from ireland. yay!	1							
1	rt  new website to go with one of my favorite days of the year in #paris - nuit blanche!  this saturday!	1							
1	i love love love your music you've worked really hard and you should come to detroit:) and i was in ontario today	1							
1	"ironically, we get to see both of the teams that'll be in the super bowl on the 1st day of preseason football. the eagles & pats."	0							
1	morning all! me he despertado he peusto la mtv y estaban hablando de green day! que bonito despertar!	1							
1	heavy morning traffic on the brooklyn bridge at 6 am. i just want to say... i love new york city.	1							
1	"still going on vaca...: still going on vaca...(third column, 7th story, link)related stories:obama considers bec..."	0							
1	also happening tonight: nina burleigh on the trials of amanda knox. at the new york city bar association. details here:	0							
1	rt  all roads lead to santa fe tonight 1st saturday jamaican independence day... disco jr live on the 1s & 2s	0							
1	"today, life will be just like an episode of 60 minutes...but with a young, cheerful andy rooney."	0							
1	i was thrilled when melissa mccarthy won an emmy last night. she called me today to talk about her big win.	1							
1	"got my ole miss season tickets today, question now is will they win any conference games. we are bama fans so more about seeing daughter."	0							
1	do you like data? are you in bangalore? india? well come and chat with me and  at matteo on church st tomorrow at 6pm. #datameet	0							
1	wow really? i go to mexico every december to spend the holidays over there.(:	0							
1	best moment of the night melissa mccarthy i am trying to find the clip to write about it on my website...big fan of u both	1							
1	o yea btw imma be in clemson on thursday...i tryna get a early nigga knock going on	0							
1	premium version of the ipad 2 may be in the works	0							
1	"tired! out for a meal in a bit, day off work tomorrow. then last day on friday! derby...:"	0							
1	"rt  awaiting update on mikel leshoure's injury. but so far, wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in ..."	0							
1	"still fuming at everton shambles, at least the england cricket team should cheer me up today #kenwrightout"	-1							
1	everybody thought that  was on stage last night i wonder when he's actually comming to detroit	0							
1	rt  matt & trey on 60 minutes tomorrow. i haven't been this excited for a segment since andy rooney learned about cordles ...	1							
1	sanchez & cesc are excellent additions but can't see much central def cover? is mascherano 3rd cb or will pep trust the youngsters?	1							
1	"rt  this afternoon's jets training camp practice will be closed to the public due to heavy storms heading toward florham park, nj"	0							
1	i may get showtime for dexter and cancel after it is over. october 2nd!	0							
1	"leaving now for the long drive to detroit, had about 3 hours of sleep after chicago last night, but wide awake! see some of you tonight!!!"	0							
1	godfrey was kinda funny though on comedy central tonight.	1							
1	word rt  smh rt  <==== broncos fan for the night! i hope tony romo gets sacked at least 15 times. #thatisall	0							
1	nigga you can't make it with this tt! rt  #nigerianewspaperheadlines terry g releases the 1st rock song in nigeria ---apako	-1							
1	rt  two democrats face recalls in wisconsin tonight:	0							
1	thanks for the heads up on the sportchek 50% off jets promo. got some gear tonight.	0							
1	i can't wait for october! 2 concerts! :) & i get to visit mexico city for the 1st time! great way to celebrate my sweet 16!	1							
1	looks like you guys had fun in 'sunny' scotland...looks as if there'll be some hungover'tones today... #hadto x	1							
1	"first sounds of yea, alabama this morning plus nick saban stops by to speak to the band! very exciting morning! #mdb"	1							
1	rt  #jeopardy where everyone will be watching the ravens vs eagles game this thursday... what is  ?  #goodanswer	1							
1	"#sportsnation just ranked auburn as the 4th best team in #sec with arkansas at 5. if au wins 3 league games, a surprise.  #awful"	0							
1	"hello :d ,greetings from mexico city! when mblaq will come to visit the a+ mexican fans?,is true that go to brazil on september 7?"	1							
1	going to mcalester today...bama bound early in the am!  torn!	0							
1	rt  wsoc dispatched nebraska today & landed at #1 in a preseason poll - check out the action and interviews from today - http:/ ...	0							
1	2 democrats in wisconsin state senate up for recall election next tuesday.  hopefully the discouragement of waukesha doesn't prevail.	0							
1	.  to do tonight: see the help in theater amanda knox	0							
1	well it's sunday. does everyone feel better this morning?  everton will be ok.	1							
1	"morning simon, r u going to see cowboys and aliens preview on monday or tuesday at lpool one?"	0							
1	nuit blanche is this weekend and with it comes seeing people i miss a lot. why isn't it saturday yet?!?! #fb	-1							
1	juan  just heard green day's 'time of our life' for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears. i miss everyone...  kellogg	-1							
1	"rt   #cowboysandaliens watched it last night, cowboys & indians (+plus aliens too) - brilliant western with a touch  ..."	1							
1	coverage of high quality stakes races from the curragh posted to my blog soon. good value bets on offer across the uk & ireland for sunday.	0							
1	brooklyn bridge: this past friday was a clear and beautiful day!! i decided to take a stroll over to the brookly...	1							
1	grrrrrrr need a new profile pic but can't find the right one  and this stupid ipad can't take photos cause i have the 1st one grrrrrrr	-1							
1	"north house does nuit blanche - we're going to map a route, and get out for a night of city walking..."	0							
1	still on army duty in alabama but thinking about how lucky i am.  married me 8yrs ago today.	1							
1	today i told a bed-ridden old man wearing clemson pants that the rest of his team would be joining him soon	0							
1	"longline bras hurt to dance in, i can drive in wellies, a white haired man has never left the #iom, merlin was a saucy old sorcerer. night."	0							
1	"hey minnesota, wisconsin or iowa....we're wide open on august 19th & 20th on the route back from minneapolis.  if..."	1							
1	internship website launched in nebraska: nebraska governor dave heineman today announced the launch of a new web...	0							
1	so many gr8t things 2 do n detroit! get up & get at it! sun gonna shine bright! yur presence makes da day brighter! what's up n yur city?	1							
1	where is the 14th coming from? oklahoma? clemson? i see sec going to 16 before 13.	0							
1	mascotfight: we're playing derby's home town hoe down at the vic on august 27th! glad the vic's back. best soun... *	1							
1	"so far i have drafted aaron rodgers at #9 overall, and then at #16 in the 2nd round, matt forte. not bad."	1							
1	"rt  went looting in spurs last night, broke into the white hart lane cabinet, so left with a pile of dust and a gareth b ..."	0							
1	divine frame &  presents the official south alabama football season kick off @ club insanity september 1st	0							
1	"is finally catching up to me with #dexter. i'm only up to season 4, but he has almost finished season 2 today @ home, ill."	0							
1	protest march in mexico city against drug war. 'i want justice for my murdered son' #drugs #cannabis	-1							
1	r yall going to be in dallas friday & saturday?	0							
1	"rt  rt  nigeria play england in the round of 16 on wednesday 10th, at 11pm nigeria time #u20worldcup"	0							
1	"hiya good morning raining in scotland today mite just have a pj day ;"""	1							
1	here until 2pm today! then romo is off to skate with the saint lunachix vs st. chux derby chix at queeny park tonight!	0							
1	"see you tonight #echelonfamily,time to drive back to milan!"	0							
1	i am writing a blog about tonight's x factor. if you're still up you can read it when i'm finished. lucky you.	1							
1	quote of the night- if i were amarosa i would go to brooklyn bridge and be drowning myself #funny	1							
1	#jets #jetsnation on my way to #nyc.will be on  tonite on jetsinsider at 7pm!can't wait to talk jets and #nfl. everybody check it out!	1							
1	yep and that might b my move in dallas tonight rt  true! tht would b fun..	1							
1	i know! im still in alabama but ill be back soon. next thursday ill be featured at bakers so you gotta come through!	1							
1	1 all with sporting braga yesterday. n'zogbia scored. bannan and ireland played really well. warnock looking up for it too.	1							
1	"according to reporters on the scene at practice, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury"	0							
1	3 months free espn given to anyone. got a letter through the post yesterday.	0							
1	"time to head to the beach at the river's edge. my wife is there, and the fish are there, and the eagles and frogs and sun are all there...."	0							
1	"rt  rally at gandhi statue, marina beach at 5 pm today. join the iacc & show your solidarity with anna hazare. pls rt & ma ..."	0							
1	"rt  qfe: and we must do it again tomorrow. by  gandhi, the tea party and the future of america"	0							
1	purples and football at baby a's with my aunt and cousin. ready to see my jets play on monday ;)	0							
1	would you be able to give  a shoutout? they're gonna be on x factor tomorrow nath :) xx	1							
1	good luck tomorrow :) and  have you ever been to scotland or ireland.  and if you have did you like it?	1							
1	"the game of the night, cowboys vs. jets, romo is back but the jets are ready to win now with their amazing d but can sanchez lead this team?"	1							
1	will fabregas and sanchez will make their debut tonight?	0							
1	you work? rt  going to walk the brooklyn bridge today	0							
1	"cool! yah, lots of stuff going on that night with nuit blanche as well! it's going to be fun!"	1							
1	yes. mexico.! im not from nikaragua. lma0. i swear idk were yu got that from.. im not even dark.! on the 17th(=	1							
1	work till friday..then new york for the weekend...then pauls wit  nd  then clemson	0							
1	party in the house tonight everybody gonna have a good time...happy independence day #jamaica	1							
1	rt  if you thought the london riots were bad just wait til the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez ton ...	-1							
1	"knowing you are a red sox fan, who will win the rubber game tomorrow? go yankees!  lol"	0							
1	check this video out -- happy hippo - the lions sleeps tonight  via	1							
1	midweek service tonight! 7:15 gulport  7:00 wiggins. there is not a better place to be on wednesday night than church!! see ya soon	1							
1	i saw cowboys and aliens... ohmygawd it was so stupid. tomorrow i'm seeing the help which i hope is better.	-1							
1	heard a great pub rumour last night \ireland has started printing punt and has the ability to swap back\ do we even have a currency press?	1							
1	#winnipegjets bogosian ready to bring it on with jets - winnipeg sun	0							
1	so i have rewatched every season of dexter with the parents and now am itching for season 6! roll on october!	1							
1	"don't get derby tonight :'( possibly get my man though so that makes it not so bad ="""	-1							
1	"thiiissss mofo wants me to go to auburn's 1st day of practice, i'm going to be the only person booing!"	0							
1	just caught up on tonight's x factor. genius. never fails to amuse. never seen dermot get mad before - total respect for the guy	1							
1	was last night in tottenham part of spurs plan to get more money from the mayors office for the new stadium??	0							
1	please please follow me' thank u for come to mexico the 30 september i love u so much :$ #nsn :bbb	1							
1	rt  rumors say it is \tangled\ and it may replace beauty and the beast at studios and aladdin at dca. just a rumor for now...	0							
1	"good morning! my timeline works again! i couldn't read your tweets in it, luckily i was checking milan's twitter when he started to write =)"	1							
1	i don't understand what the fuck's wrong with you! you may hate green day but don't bother the green day family with that!	-1							
1	the last episode of #friends just showed tonight. its leaving e4 for comedy central :'( idk what will now cheer me up when im down	-1							
1	having a good but long time in nfl training camp #grind half day tomorrow=go time tonight	1							
1	amen rt  may the universe guide tony romo's arms and eyes toward jason witten. and may jason (cont)	0							
1	comedy central rt  what channel is arsenal game on tonight	0							
1	good morning :) tomorrows my birthday ahhh im so excited ^_^ tonight will be amazing #beerandtacos wattup jets!	1							
1	"rt  remember that janet devlin girl on tonight's x factor, the 'obviously in the final 12' one? she has a youtube chann ..."	0							
1	"if you want to see an exciting finish to the 2005 ut at bama game, check out css right now. 4th quarter 3-3."	0							
1	cowboys @ jets will be the first late night game on sunday on channel 4 (via  will be an emotional occasion on 9/11 anniversary.	0							
1	"i have to go romo, all  have is peyton who i got in the #10th round.  i think i was drafting against elementary children."	0							
1	the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet. there's no chance of looters visiting there	0							
1	"rt  andy rooney, 92, will make last appearance on cbs' '60 minutes' this sunday - tvnewser"	0							
1	"aglines roundup: nebraskans may notice the \nebraska, our best to you\ logos in more locations across the state ..."	0							
1	"huntzinger struggles in the 5th, gives up first 2 bbs of outing, strands both runners w/ fly out by #9 hitter, sanchez. #seadogs down 1-0"	0							
1	night for the last time in mississippi for now.... #lovethisplace #backwoodslivin ......back to bama in the am #b-ham	1							
1	"the wisconsin 14 fought for you, now it's time to fight for them! vote holperin & wirch this tuesday, august 16th! #wiunion #wirecall #p2"	0							
1	lol cause we went to the zoo today & saw lions and tigers and all lat	0							
1	rt  comedy central rt  what channel is arsenal game on tonight	0							
1	tomorrow's the day 2 fleebaggers get sent packing for good! on wisconsin! #tcot #teaparty #wiunion #wirecall #gop #tpx	1							
1	lol! gonna make up for day off tomorrow! also bought vertical ipad stand so i can browser test w/the lot of 'em. #geekgirl	1							
1	yall going to lions park tomorrow?	0							
1	"rt  it's an honour to be part of   nuit blanche schedule  october 1st, 2011 one  ..."	1							
1	"rt  end of an era rt  rt  andy rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on  this sunday ..."	0							
1	"rt  rt  free agent wr jerricho cotchery, traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens. visit ..."	0							
1	"been w/  romo, & taylor for the last 3 days! hopefully seeing  and  and then goin' home w/her today heh"	1							
1	"so dry, liquidambar is dropping leaves. keeps threatening rain, but then we just get a shower.by contrast scotland to get up to 4\ tomorrow"	-1							
1	the jumpstart students walk the brooklyn bridge & end the night bieber style.	0							
1	rt   if you see a girl shouting with all their might that's me :) see you in mexico city!! 1st october :)	1							
1	"looks like sports teams owners r studying the congressional playbook. 1st the nfl, now the nba, lock out players/threatening the season."	0							
1	watching cowboys/jets game...let's see what romo is going to do tonight...	0							
1	"wait, comedy central isnt on freeview is it? :( also loving that i predicted this last night"	-1							
1	so dublin won the all ireland yesterday.. #notreally #getfucked #gaa	1							
1	rt  i was thrilled when melissa mccarthy won an emmy last night. she called me today to talk about her big win.  ...	1							
1	cowboys vs chargers on the practice field today and tomorrow. play sunday night 7:00 pm central at cowboys stadium.	0							
1	rt  joleon \pretty face\ lescott & edin \i want to play for milan\ dzeko scored for the city. de gea should have done bet ...	0							
1	haha we totally should!!! my mom just asked me if i wanted to leave thurs and stay in nyc until sat then go to italy and idk?	1							
1	"aw! you're such a sweetheart! def! i'm going to be in dallas for thanksgiving, so i'll be black friday shopping! let's meet up!"	1							
1	so we arrived in scotland yesterday and it hasnt stopped raining since. and to make things worse its sunny at home. #typical	-1							
1	haha i duno=p i'll try to save heaps but mum said shed go halves and get me an ipad for my 21st but i said i want money hah	1							
1	"up the reds today evening as the arsenal's girls we'll lead the way into meadow park to face everton, tough game we must get full 3 points!"	1							
1	i wanted to see columbiana for my birthday but it comes out on the 26th *rolls eyes* guess ill go see it in clemson.	0							
1	mhm i need sleep befor i go on the plane so i think imma go to sleep b on tomorrow when i get to mexico	0							
1	will he be able to perform on a cold summers day at bolton on sunday?? probably...	0							
1	"...gandhi said, 'be the change you want to see in the world.' in this simple sentiment we can find hope..."	1							
1	i hope melissa mccarthy gets an emmy tonight.	0							
1	comedy central real goin hard tonight	1							
1	"lol. yeah i kinda think i do...i heard you were in milan, italy ne? how is it? october is perfect!"	1							
1	good day today :) #blessed now watching  on comedy central!!! lol love him!!!	1							
1	"yeah boiii #entourage tonight, so pissed that there's only 3 epsdes until it ends. oh well on the up side #dexter season 6 starts soon...ish"	1							
1	"it's pretty cool, that's for sure... uswmt wc, usmnt, epl on sat. mornngs on all on espn along with summer euro matches #fun"	1							
1	alabama got a huge commit today but doesn't know it because they're all too upset over sheridan admitting nothing.	-1							
1	black lion is where it's at tonight! 236 auburn ave! shout out to  !	1							
1	"yeah, imma be in vegas from 18th-23rd so i just want a dinner in dallas with friends"	0							
1	great catch! friend brad goddard snapped this picture of the aurora on friday night in nebraska. #wx #aurora	1							
1	i was watching the show today & was awesome show & congrats to melissa mccarthy so excited for her last night! love you both!	1							
1	"sunday's lovely gossip: fabregas to pay his way out of arsenal, the boy alex to arrive soon, crouch and rodwell ..."	0							
1	you won't see me tomorrow :( on my way home from alabama...	-1							
1	"rt  tomorrow, people. rt  wisconsin recall, part two: fleebaggers face the music"	0							
1	good evening merlin. how are you?	0							
1	michael  just heard green day's 'time of our life' for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears. i miss...  penderg	-1							
1	i'm excited to see the lions tomorrow :3	1							
1	bww reviews: aladdin at the 5th avenue theatre - very disney park - broadway world	0							
1	wow. just read a transcript of shannon sharpe's nfl hall of fame induction speech. i hope espn replays it again tonight.	1							
1	come celebrate india's independence day at new jersey's official  india day parade on august 14th 2pm oak tree road in the iselin sectio ...	0							
1	arsenal submitted a bid this evening for scott dann. look like the move to lfc i talked about may be about to turn complicated	0							
1	so excited for bridesmaids on dvd tomorrow!...also happy for the awesome melissa mccarthy and her emmy last night!	1							
1	"rt  therefore i still expect arsenal to sign jag, but cahill is next option, bolton are just willing to talk to arsenal on mo ..."	0							
1	"tonight i dreamed of being in orleans with the bus lines of milan, and the ipercoop of piazza lodi instead of the carrefour of place d'arc."	0							
1	i can't wait until nfl live is on espn all day.. baseball tonight is boring... monday night countdown..... i despise nbc football america	-1							
1	15th august. the anthem still chokes me up. the flag still makes me proud. gandhi still looks over us. be happy& proud this independence day	1							
1	"tea time at the james p. nix center, thursday, august 18 ; 2 p.m. topic: birding in coastal alabama & the alabama..."	0							
1	rt  we're off to the x factor launch this afternoon! let us know your questions for the judges	0							
1	listening to springsteen's nebraska album while driving through... well you can guess.  wishes. playing lincoln tonight! 6pm	0							
1	derby tomorrow night with my girls  and  off to sleep now #night twitter < 3	1							
1	big brother tonight & x factor on saturday? may have to cut my ears off & spoon my eyes out this afternoon then. is there a braille twitter?	-1							
1	but he'll be on art bell tonight revealing the truth about the alabama leprechaun.	0							
1	"rt  nigeria play england in the round of 16 on wednesday 10 august, at 11pm nigeria time. time to colonise england in footba ..."	0							
1	rt  the only dirty bombs on sunday will be the ones launched by mark \dirty\ sanchez and the jets as they pummel romo's homos ...	0							
1	probably gonna spend the night watching that one episode of merlin that loaded and the whole of naruto shippuden season 7.	0							
1	tigers beat kansas city tonight 4-3...yay! and austin jackson got 1# on espn sportcenter top plays..........hurrah! nice catch austin!	1							
1	"thanks, sister! have a great 1st day in nebraska! #pilove rt  hope you have the most amazing time on your european adventure!! :)"	1							
1	church tonight was nothing but power! i feel so blessed to have a church filled with people who are amazing. wotm i <3 u	1							
1	notre dame women's soccer open their season today with a friendly vs nebraska. live web stream at 12pm eastern	0							
1	"rt  rt  after hours tonight - jammin, dimples, durrty skanx, harry shotta, byron & romo audio download: http:/ ..."	0							
1	pls rt - bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on 23 sep	0							
1	"welcome home from nigeria! my 2nd  guest blog post is up, on us biosimilars market - will you read? :)"	1							
1	"fantasy-wise, all i need is 4 td's from romo and 4 from holmes tonight"	0							
1	"auburn just wrapped up saturday practice, interviews beginning shortly."	0							
1	"rt  leaving now for the long drive to detroit, had about 3 hours of sleep after chicago last night, but wide awake! see some o ..."	0							
1	"dear  what calender are u following? the upcoming monday is independence day. oh, i almost forgot. for you it's july 4th, no?"	0							
1	sad i didn't see  today. do work in nebraska man i'll see you when you get back!	-1							
1	rt  i love football season!! lets get it!! high school games friday night....nfl games sunday !!!	1							
1	blow to the lions...joel patfull's out for the season after breaking his hand in sunday's loss to adelaide. surgery wed morn.  #afl	-1							
1	the inbetweeners movie + cowboys and aliens are both out on mid-week release today. either of those luring you through our doors?	0							
1	welcome to my usual dreams! :s used to it by now. other night was merlin & arthur & a dragon that was actually from harry potter.	0							
1	got my dexter fix for the night. until 2morw night dexter morgan.	1							
1	i curious to know how many of you will be tweeting #churchflow on sunday after the nfl season starts	0							
1	"marcia gay harden is 52 today...loved her #svu roles as an fbi agent, and especially the \amanda knox\ movie."	1							
1	tonight is family night at the chick fil a on sparkleberry and clemson. get your face painted and a free kid's meal. 6-8pm	0							
1	twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe's awesome hall of fame speech. we'll have the video clip on nfl.com a little later tonight.	1							
1	rt  wisconsin: remember to vote tomorrow! consider it practice for recalling walker. practice makes perfect. #wiunion #wirec ...	1							
1	my yahoo scoreboard is already showing the lions game vs cincinnati on friday. #areyoufreakingkiddingme	1							
1	hahahaha aladdin tho! lil purple eye from the set! \  wat u on tonight lil black eye from da set\	1							
1	"oh are they having an awards ceremony for how well you did the dishes last night? - bryan to lowis, family guy. hahaha!"	1							
1	and finally..  dad says he will play 'with a point to prove' if he starts against nigeria in #u20worldcup last 16 on wednesday	0							
1	-2 hours of excessive tweeting later- welp i'm off to watch merlin! see you all tomorrow (:	1							
1	caught up with x factor today and i love the new panel! such a good mix and after doubting tulisa i actually think she's fab	1							
1	go team eagles!!!! hope my boy is enjoying the eagles 1st game :)	1							
1	15th august.the anthem still chokes me up.the flag still makes me proud.gandhi still looks over us.happy independence day india	1							
1	i've bitched enough. rt  cbs says andy rooney to make his final weekly 60 minutes appearance this sunday:	0							
1	heading back to chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense & amazing few days in derby with the  lads! dvd is looking ace!	1							
1	good luck sylvain with your media debut today and even more luck for the season and the game against spurs. #comeonyoublues	1							
1	what are the rules regarding cameras & bags @ jets stadium? i'll be @ the cincy game on the 21st.	0							
1	rt  astonishing! police raid milan offices of standard & poor's  || did u see this? this is the 1st time i have!	1							
1	don't know if it's been reported but several members of arsenal's u15 team had to be put in restraints after a late night brawl in sweden	0							
1	i'm playing live at the \one cool weekend\ in belfast on monday as frankmusik. yes thats right. i am finally playing in ireland again.	1							
1	"i have 2 say i thought the #emmys were great tonight. melissa mccarthy, peter dinklage, kyle chandler, ty burrell, julie bowen- all amazing!"	1							
1	"picture it's 9pm, rural nebraska truckstop, snow flurries, february, starving. food options at food court. yikes."	-1							
1	at ali's new gaff and she's making me dinner whilst i watch x factor. tuesday just got fucking ace.	1							
1	only 2 more episodes left to watch of dexter series 1! :d pay day next monday - definatly gonna purchase series 2!!	1							
1	"htb, mob, pbc, strife, defeater, living with lions and the bronx today. aaawwh yeeeah hevy yeeeeahhh"	1							
1	im sure it will replay on nfl network tomorrow too.	0							
1	"and on the very first play of the night, aaron rodgers is int'd by udfa cb brandian ross, who returns it for a pick-six touchdown."	0							
1	"yea got bk yesterday!! we'll figure sum out!! me, you, pooh, & dexter lol :)"	1							
1	so according to the new stat system for football.. #michaelvick is the 5th best quarterback in the nfl	0							
1	talladega nights on comedy central. might just stay in tonight.	1							
1	rt  good morning! \today voters go to the polls in wisconsin's two final recalls\ | reuters:  #p2 #tcot #wirecall	0							
1	i wish i was in bolton tonight :(	-1							
1	matt & trey on 60 minutes tomorrow. i haven't been this excited for a segment since andy rooney learned about cordless phones.	1							
1	"rt  so tomorrow morning, wherever you are, think of us here in wisconsin as we fight once again to restore democracy to ..."	0							
1	registration is now open! register for the professional event today (the brooklyn bridge walk is free) to grab...	0							
1	one jump ahead on in the canteen: seriously need to watch aladdin tonight now!	0							
1	"#news sail may tie up with nfl for rs 4,450-cr sindri plant: \nfl is the likely partner for sai...   #ak"	0							
1	rt  some of the madness and mayhem the cast of aladdin created when they flew into newark on monday!!	0							
1	"oh... there's no joking around about this shit. if there's no headphones, i'm watching dexter tomorrow morning haha #fol"	-1							
1	"willie horton: made in detroit: \i just remember my dad saying, 'we're going to sign a contract today, and you'r..."	1							
1	ravens sign ricky williams ohhhhh leeeeee dueeetttttt #blackbirdgang...they bout to smokeout the locker room tonight	1							
1	"big brother starts tonight and x factor on saturday, wish i could emigrate or hibernate :-("	-1							
1	"church was cool, i think i was expecting more though. none the less i'll be back next sunday."	1							
1	"morning? isn't it nearly afternoon in ireland? :d oh, and good morning to you!"	1							
1	"at least 2 of the us soldiers killed today in afghanistan were nebraska natives, one from my hometown.  praying for them and the others"	-1							
1	"rt  if you haven't decided where to watch the match tonight yet, join espn's  and i at the fountain court at clar ..."	0							
1	"yeah i know what you mean, spent too much time catching up on dexter today"	-1							
1	why oh why does toronto's nuit blanche have to be the same night as a wedding i have to attend?!? #snbto	-1							
1	good luck and have fun! i'm think about ya'll in dallas today.   #fight #alzheimers	1							
1	rt  we love italy ! tonight in marina di pietrasanta with	1							
1	where have all the yankees fans gone today? you were all so talkative before yesterdays game.	0							
1	no one on the lions has gotten injured today since leshoure! contract extensions all around! #bam	0							
1	just heard green day's 'time of our life' for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears. i miss everyone so much xxx	-1							
1	i'm right in thinking you're at whooverville in derby on september 3rd aren't i? if so i'll see you there :) x	0							
1	bible study at #ffchurch tonight! so stoked! haven't been back since ny and bama.	1							
1	get your tickets for the offical south alabama football jumpoff!! only $5 !!!!   club insanity sept 1!!!	0							
1	"another huge fireworks show @ dearborn homecoming, big enough to rival detroit s, & it happen again tomorrow night!"	1							
1	pls rt bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on 23 sep  #bsbp	0							
1	church member told me mtg tomorrow @ 1st baptist is \byob\. asked if he told them 2nd 'b' didn't mean 'brownbag' in our church. he laughed.	0							
1	rt  was asked today if everton's display against qpr could be regarded as \a cushions job\ - definitely one for the older g ...	0							
1	football. auburn football practice report: the 19th-ranked auburn football team worked out in full pads for the ...	0							
1	"free agent wr jerricho cotchery, formerly of the jets, traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens. #whytho"	0							
1	"good day! and to mak it even better, my clothes from american eagle came in! church tonight too! : )"	1							
1	"mma - espn.com: espn video: on the night of his explosive win, dan henderson relives his ...espn.go.com/video/cl..."	1							
1	thousands of fans turned out in mexico city's azteca stadium on thursday to celebrate salvador cabanas' return to the pitch.	1							
1	"working on scouting report for clemson vs. usf soccer exhibition on friday, always on the job"	0							
1	enjoying a night of #dexter with  :)	1							
1	here's your story from today: supporting the lions continues to be super depressing for detroiters.	-1							
1	i want sanchez to go away and have mota be 5th starter!	-1							
1	te quiero!<3 please come to mexico!!!!!!!!! greetings :3 #worldwide have a nice day today & everyday :))	1							
1	hope   lives it up tonight.. love you mama.. will visit dallas soon :))	1							
1	rt  do you want to be a voodoo derby doll? after our \get down and derby\ night on aug 26th at the social night club... ...	0							
1	rt  dc's version of paris' nuit blanche is just 6 days away!! i can't wait ;-)	1							
1	pretty upset i'm not goin to see the jets practice tomorrow /:	-1							
1	"parents left this morning for italy, it's 35c there, gutted i'm not going with them! #couldbebythebeach"	-1							
1	i heard \baggage claim\ yesterday in nebraska!! ready to get it on itunes!!!	1							
1	thanks for your many tweets tonight milan.  can't believe i was in the wrong place (milansofficial).  you made all fans so happy.	1							
1	"is true that you will give two concerts in mexico city on 01 & october 02, please tell me because not enough tickets te amo"	1							
1	oh there is no school today because yesterday is my country independence day so its a day off today. haha hby?	0							
1	it looks like a beautiful night to throw myself off the brooklyn bridge ---	-1							
1	more information on the new comme des garcons fragrance being launched at church next wednesday (17th of august):	0							
1	gutted my match is off against bolton tomorrow! was well up for it :(	-1							
1	"today in the lounge: comedy central has the real billy t, and antonia! is coming for bon temps' vamps."	0							
1	fun day!! walked over the brooklyn bridge... ate waaaaaay to much!! tomorrow fingers crossed i get standing room for book of mormon! night!	1							
1	"notre dame kicks off exhibition play against nebraska tomorrow at noon et, and the game is webcast. this is how it's done, wps."	0							
1	wow. rt  wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing.	0							
1	may the peace of god that excels all thought be with nigeria..amen..rt  pray for peace in nigeria!!	1							
1	i want too but it is the same night at nuit blanche. i will make an appearance hopefully. miss you too lovely.	1							
1	"family guy on netflix, i think i'm sleeping downstairs tonight"	1							
1	watched you in scrubs last night on comedy central totaly love scrubs best tv show ever	1							
1	football-gunners wld always go on about arsenal's white v black composition.today mufc fields 7 black players.difference is mufc pays better	0							
1	"you didn't say that yesterday with milan? btw, you see thiago smalling today? ;)"	-1							
1	nuit blanche is this weekend! plan your night with the personal itinerary planner:   #snbto	0							
1	"(off topic) - there is only 3 episodes on the first disk of #dexter. please hurry,  with the 2nd #fitblog"	0							
1	"another double play helps lafayette get out of sixth-inning trouble. going to the bottom of the 6th, lafayette 3, mexico 3."	0							
1	i saw a photo of aaron rodgers with some awesome scruff going on today. did i mention he was at the white house today? iz cool.	1							
1	ravens play eagles on the 11th at 730! #getpumped	1							
1	same way as in bolton are being stubborn and not talking or demanding a stupid fee ? are you expecting jim to sign today ?	-1							
1	mr gary barlow you look hot on x factor tonight :)	1							
1	topic on the morning news: does detroit need a white mayor.......pause....wtf?!?!	-1							
1	who starts college on 15th it's like prison on independence day. thought she's just 2yrs elder den u	-1							
1	the zombies would have been worse- the ad for walking dead s2 was playing all night during family guy. creeps me the fuck out!	-1							
1	"rt  red sox, phillies flying high as they take out the yankees and giants this afternoon. cc rocked, hamels dominates...  ..."	1							
1	really wish i could go to florida on wednesday with them ..	0							
1	rt  the fa will be bringing a new interactive road show to arsenal ladies ahead of the game against everton on thursday	0							
1	"3243] we just unlocked motorola mb200 from nigeria mtn network. unlock your cell phone today at	0	1	11101011110100, 000100, 1000100, 1111110010011, 1111110011100, 11100110101, 010110011011, 111001100001, 0010100, 11110101101111, 010011010101, 10111100, 01111110010, 1011101110, 11110111000010, 11011100, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	rtrtrt  rt if you love the song called last night on earth by green day.#indowantsgreenday	0							
1	"from bams radio tonite... the legend says \this bama defense may be the greatest of all time...\   offense wins games, defense wins....."	1							
1	off to scotland today for the week so i'll miss the wankfest at wembley. utd 2-1.	-1							
1	im not watching them because the red sox vs yankees game is on tonight for who's in first.	0							
1	desean jackson suppose to be at training camp on monday...hope the eagles lock him up and extend mike vick...	-1							
1	"fantasy draft tonight.  keeping andre johnson, rashard mendenhall, and mike williams.  and about to somehow end up with aaron rodgers too."	0							
1	is no brad k but he's playing hurt today too.   at 9am et espn 2	-1							
1	cbs says andy rooney will make his final weekly \60 minutes\ appearance on this sunday's edition:  (via	0							
1	"sunday night concert in the park! eagles cover band, pretty good!"	1							
1	"i'm going to bed after this last episode of family guy .. i've been hella tired, && i'ma get all the sleep i can stand in before thursday"	-1							
1	it seems today that all you see is violence n movies & sex on tv - family guy	-1							
1	rt  kevin hart : seriously funny tonight at 10 on comedy central something to look forward too.	1							
1	today is ecuador's independence day que viva el ecuador! yes i was born on my parents' country freedon day! i'm proud to be an ecuadorian!	1							
1	"having a good sunday, sooooooo happy that college and nfl season is almost here, the weekend sucks without football!!!!"	1							
1	. sat next to sanchez in the nou camp before the wycombe game. he didn't like being laughed at when we said he was taking the..	-1							
1	...off to milan...c ya on the 19th of august in novi sad with silicon soul and fakir!!!	0							
1	"do it! with all the shade, it's the perfect summer outing. plus the penguins, lions, bears, wolves... were all very active today."	1							
1	"really enjoying the #emmy's tonight while doing some homework.  hi-lites so far: melissa mccarthy, steve levitan's wife, & jane lynch rocks!"	1							
1	have fun tonight aladdin beanie baby brun!	1							
1	"finally home from florida,annoying that we lost but on 2 the next 1 as jay-z says : ).looking forward 2 relaxing tonight and tomorrow xx"	1							
1	wonder if the spurs shop got looted last night? #doubtit	0							
1	is there any improvement in the european weather. i need sun and heat. i have developed webbed feet here in scotland!	0							
1	rt  espn mlb cameron maybin starting to see the sun	0							
1	"rt  sanchez didn't know plax would sneak in for a play yesterday. \i wish i would have hit him,\ he said. got pressured by d #nyj"	-1							
1	"lmao rt  went looting in spurs last night, broke into the white hart lane cabinet so left with a pile of dust and a bale dvd"	0							
1	"september 6 d&g will be four in the international city of _new york fashion week_, paris, london, milan, and the two..."	0							
1	amanda knox wins another round in appeal: amanda knox won a skirmish today in the appeal of her murder convictio...	0							
1	rt  jumping off the brooklyn bridge with my hang glider on sunday. now taking bets on which state i land in.	0							
1	"btn football practice tour starts tomorrow.  leg 1 - wisconsin, minnesota, iowa and nebraska.  i'll keep you updated.  stay in touch."	0							
1	"rt\ great win 2-0 against america to end the usa tour! now, it's time to play against italy on wednesday with spain! #tourfcb\"	1							
1	florida!! get your tickets to the locash cowboys show aug 26th at boots n buckles.they are selling like hotcakes!!	1							
1	tony romo just called me. he said he got a restaining order on you. guess you can't go to the game on thursday.. sucks.. #tried	-1							
1	yesterday we shocked ireland at the last moment...by taking a game away from them... today we should better...	1							
1	marty was in nebraska yesterday giving a talk that included bullying that made the news there. fun times learning!	1							
1	will do. you should've came down. we are clemson deep tonight	0							
1	time may be running out for auburn's benton: i knew i wasn't running it full speed.\ effort isn't predetermined....	-1							
1	i'm ready to see the jets play monday.	0							
1	"hours are 9:15 to 13:30 (gmt+1) for the public. as you're in turin, they may refer you to the milan embassy, and here's their...."	0							
1	you in london on wednesday? we're being tourists with my brother's merlin pass!! hope you're having a good break :)	1							
1	nigeria may parade a weakened team against ghana on tuesday as most of the first players are yet to secure uk entry visas	0							
1	demi sat on miley's bed and groaned. she whispered why can't i come with you to italy? this is soooo not fair.	-1							
1	remember to tune into this weeks #legend quest on #syfy tonight. the team are on the trail of merlin and king solomon - what a fine blend!	1							
1	"1st prize.rm 5000 with 4 x ipad 2 (each person) trophy, & certificate of participation. lulz, wanna joinnnnnnnnnnnnn -___-"	1							
1	horrible headache! day of packing ready for my trip to scotland tomorrow!	-1							
1	former cruz azul player in the legendary 70s team and mexican international nacho flores gunned down last night outside mexico city.	0							
1	"if a&m does finally consummate the sec romance, who would be the 14th sec team? has to be one of fsu, clemson, miami or georgia tech."	0							
1	family guy is on some other crap tonight.	-1							
1	i'm hanging out with \green day\ tonight.... gonna invite the \4 non blondes\ to join us after a while..... i love music	1							
1	"hondo's bread on fred: hondo endured his customary saturday night wipeout last night, crashing with the yankees ..."	0							
1	i would also just like to point out that the eagles had a win today ;-))	1							
1	i reckon the match between bolton and man city should be good tomorrow! #footballseason	1							
1	"well hell. i'm drivin, by myself, in nebraska tomorrow. why do i get the feeling that this will not end well...."	-1							
1	today is national bratwurst day. also another recall election day in wisconsin. get out the brat! i mean vote! #wi #holiday #vote	0							
1	justin bieber is in mexico city and monterrey performing.  i hope he doesn't ride any buses at night while there...	0							
1	rt  rt  the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet. there's no chance of looters ...	0							
1	"sept 11th, sunday night football, cowboys vs. jets... oh boy oh boy, i can't wait to see the cowboys ruin the jets opening day!"	1							
1	"rt  come one,come all.bring your blankets,chairs,picnic stuff, watch crooklyn under the brooklyn bridge.gonna be a fun crookly ..."	1							
1	"hello there, i hear that the stinking working class,were rioting in london last night, do you see why i'm in italy, bloody rif raf.hear hear"	-1							
1	"ideal weekend getaways: with raksha bandhan and independence day falling on saturday and monday this time, it ma..."	0							
1	"rt  cowboys ! rt  nfl just declared terrelle pryor eligible for the supplemental that will take place monday, a ..."	0							
1	"7 of the top 10 search engine referrals for tve today are mike & molly related, thanks to melissa mccarthy's win at the #emmys!"	0							
1	derrick mason at the slot though? i can just hear it now... sanchez to mason...1st down..another 3rd down conversion! all year... #jets	0							
1	"i downloaded the first season of #dexter, gonna start watching the 2nd episode. time to tweet #twittwit ^^"	0							
1	"cause ur cool since bama, mark! awesome! roll tide + watching you every sunday! god bless! rtr!"	1							
1	cowboys tonight to see eli young band ;)	0							
1	"rt  an ipad on one side of the bed streaming family guy and my macbook on the other side streaming porn. ah, what a nice s ..."	1							
1	i will be out of town and will miss this but you should go! nuit blanche #dc event sept 24	0							
1	"in hastings, nebraska, it's illegal to have sex without wearing a night shirt."	0							
1	"we've got leonardo da vinci: painter at the court of milan coming up in november, how does that sound?"	0							
1	"can someone txt me/ @ reply me if we get any swr related news tonight, i'll be at young adults at church so no internet."	0							
1	ikr? came across it randomly while doing my pr clipping report this morning. the email contact is merlin @ merlinmedia...	0							
1	rt  august 14 is pakistan's independence day! get ready for the celebrations with a patriotic picbadge  .t ...	1							
1	"melissa mccarthy, jane lynch make emmy night chicagoriffic"	1							
1	"tommy  new friends from italy, france and saudi arabia tonight :-)  fgarcia"	1							
1	"a windfall; along with my pardon and returned order of merlin, i received a tonne of gold from the ministry after the trial today."	0							
1	"watched aladdin on vhs last night, talk about high definition #stoneage"	0							
1	"after losing 2 last week, today the gop is trying to win 2 senate seats in wisconsin by recalling 2 democrats. it looks like they'll fail"	-1							
1	melissa mccarthy and margo martindale!  congrats!  any other mm's tonight?	1							
1	top 20 green day videos on  this afternoon! twenty green day vids! excited!	1							
1	and i now have 2 things in common. love the red sox and think bachmann is a joke.. too bad he loves bama. there could ve been a 3rd	1							
1	listening to  on my ipad while cleaning the house tonight.  all i want to do is sing & dance around.  great tunes!  :)	1							
1	"i caught adam jones home run tonight, check me on espn top plays at midnight! one handed w/ a soft pretzel in my hand on my iphone"	0							
1	ynm  - did you see tonight's top ten best play on espn?	0							
1	rt  i had a chance to show off the star tribune's new ipad app (launching mon) on #tptalmanac.take a look!	0							
1	witnessed a perfectly executed crash landing in the gulf of mexico today. #whatabadass	1							
1	"haha , course not ! and im coming to pick you .. milan & taylor up from school one friday . so be prepared (:"	1							
1	this is the binder dexter picked out for 1st grade!	0							
1	mom left for scotland today. or ireland... keep forgetting where she went to. but both places have cool accents! i know that!	1							
1	my son's teacher is married to a former auburn football player. i think i'll put him in all bama gear 1st day of school! #rtr	0							
1	oct. 2 is almost too far away for me to wait for the return of #dexter!	-1							
1	"18 of us watching  and the girls tonight beat everton live on espn in a bar with a beer in spain, coyg !!"	1							
1	i am happy about the modern family wins tonight but definitely saddened by the fnl loss. also so stoked for melissa mccarthy! :)	1							
1	ryan grant or felix jones in the 5th round!!!! hurry!!! i already have tony romo and dez so idk about fjtheres also steve j	0							
1	rt  tonight - we test one of our nuit blanche projects! nuit blanche is coming up! what are we doing you ask?  ...	0							
1	"im gr8 jdog!wouldnt say missing the gills,missing football! the eagles didnt have a good start eh?  have you done sun dream team?"	1							
1	shhhhhh secret party! tonight! meet at the brooklyn bridge	0							
1	"rt  tonight on sports special: joe trahan goes 1-on-1 with tony romo, footage from cowboys scrimmage - and tcu trying to bui ..."	0							
1	"#itfc last season #millwall started with 3-0 win at bristol city. 2nd match, you've got it, hull city at home!omen! lions won that one 4-0."	1							
1	i'm hopin y'all are gonna be around thursday to welcome me with open arms on my permanent move back to clemson..	1							
1	cowboys starters could play into the second quarter against san diego chargers on sunday night:	0							
1	. amanda knox who lied repeatedly & cleaned with bleach that morning is no innocent petal	-1							
1	rt  preparations to mark the 64th independence day of #pakistan in a befitting manner on august 14 are in full swing! a ...	1							
1	today's 1st&10 debates! did ne just win the super bowl getting haynesworth? odds nnamdi signs w/ jets!? can reggie bush help dolphins?	0							
1	"everyone drink tony romo says he had a no-alcohol bachelor party: by tom weir, usa today details o...  who will last"	0							
1	"the emmy's seem mostly a bore, but the women (including amy poelher and melissa mccarthy) brought their a game tonight."	0							
1	"pimp chronicles, seriously funny & kill the messenger... comedy central is luv tonite"	1							
1	rt  that's a beautiful dream! rt  i also had a dream last night that football season started and the ravens ... h ...	1							
1	"monday's best of the web -floyd mayweather flips out, sheen roast, melissa mccarthy wins an emmy | dve morning show"	0							
1	brilliant game by the eagles today. fitting way to mark 25 years of footy! #goeagles #afleaglestigers	1							
1	"end of an era rt  rt  andy rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on  this sunday cbs just announced"	0							
1	i'm thinking of going tomorrow and then moving onto bolton from there to get city + eagles	0							
1	"saw x-men: first class last night. still gotta see captain america, transformers, cowboys & aliens and rise of the planet of the apes #whew"	0							
1	today: the last two wisconsin recalls (for now)  // keep up the extraordinary work wisconsin!	1							
1	"too bad rodgers and gb did nothing through air after 1stq! i hope tomorrow does good too, just not tony romo #spellcheckjoke"	-1							
1	rt  rt  west cork pig derby tonight in timoleague!  declared non-runners!  #corkbuzz	0							
1	"not sure if i want to go to eng v holland game on wed, only got tickets coz of arsenal players, might not feature now :-("	-1							
1	"blog: jets, giants have extensive radio networks - so it's a sunday afternoon, and your wife is adamant about draggi..."	0							
1	no andy rooney on tonight's #60minutes?! can someone make sure that he's still alive?	0							
1	eating doritos w/ tapatio and watching family guy to end the night(;	0							
1	"hoping the weather stays nice today, as i'm delivering cakes to offices in derby. look out for the cake basket!"	1							
1	arm hurts like crazy open house tomorrow and church tonight!!!! i love them so much <3	1							
1	really looking forward to watching tony romo run for his life tonight!     coming with it. #orangecrush	1							
1	son i saw a house last night was 1.9 mil behind hella trees that looked like the palace from aladdin no bullshit lol	0							
1	"later today: cowboys and aliens, good food, my chemical romance and blink 182 show with  and her friends. jazzed 2 teh max!"	1							
1	just rode across the brooklyn bridge on a bike. what are you doing with your saturday?	0							
1	church tonight with the bestfriends! #winning <3	1							
1	"third and final fantasy draft tonight, this time with my cousins. my keeper pick? tony romo with a 10th rounder. boo yeah."	1							
1	"it's mexican! sorry for the late answer, ipad' charging fucked me yesterday :d"	-1							
1	"- #elastixworld first sponsors - mexico city  november 3rd and 4th, see you all there #fb"	0							
1	thank you to everyone who joined us on the bus on saturday and all the other lions supporters at loftus. it was awesome seeing loftus red!	1							
1	"#bournemouth lions taken back to den for repairs: if you follow the pride in bournemouth trail today, you might ..."	0							
1	"jumping off the brooklyn bridge with my hang glider on sunday. find a bookie, now taking bets on which state i land in"	0							
1	mancity strikers aguero and dzeko you better thrash bolton tomorrow night!	1							
1	ooo ... i think he's in milan.  are  you happy today?	1							
1	did i just here that tony romo played hide and seek at his bachelor party? c'mon son! #dallascowboys #hop	0							
1	"rt  from now on our commentaries will be fm one game... am & dab the other. so tonight everton vs #sufc is on fm, blackburn v ..."	0							
1	"this game has fantasy value, i hate the cowboys, but i need them to do big things. romo, austin & dallas d c'mon!!"	-1							
1	"he is obsessed with star wars right now,  as a treat i am letting him watch family guy tonight #heavenforgiveme"	0							
1	rt  i find it ironic that i almost certainly would not be a yankees fan today if i hadn't gone to college near boston #rand ...	0							
1	heading back to the states today after two months.. then moving to florida tomorrow! very exciting times :)	1							
1	just like clemson beat gt in the acccg touche again rt   umm rutgers may very well have 'won' that game.	0							
1	"rt  feel bad for star crossed lionsrt  so far, wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks  ..."	-1							
1	divine frame along with p*10 presents:: the official south alabama football kick off!! sept 1 at club insanity! adv. tickets $5 !!!	0							
1	"pereira, colombia - august 06:  players of nigeria walk down the tunnel during the group d match bet: pereira, c..."	0							
1	thanks i am! :)i saw the hollywood sign today!!!!! and in disney i got to meet a really hot aladdin lol :)	1							
1	"andy rooney will make his last appearance on 60 minutes this sunday. if anything, this proves there is a god."	1							
1	don't feel obliged to discuss #dexter tonight. living it large in brighton so please use direct messages....	1							
1	"show (in wisconsin (in august)): lady rollins (or wver  that night) are playing at  on august 19th, along with o..."	0							
1	trying to go out tonight!!! where is there to go out here in dallas????	0							
1	"pretty cool names. i have one cat, a black cat named merlin, who leaps on my chest in the middle of the night. a heart attack soon"	1							
1	rt  the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet.there's no chance of looters visiting there.	-1							
1	sharks in 2nd place on the currie cup log behind the lions. geuss whos last...bulls haha	1							
1	"tragedy struck and collided in my sports world today, as mikel leshoure blew his achilles. was on the lions and my fantasy team. #noonecares"	-1							
1	"sox beat the yankees tonight, great day to move from ny to boston"	1							
1	rt   pulled off highway robbery to get romo from  jk. good trade. ill try to process it so you can start ro ...	1							
1	wisconsin don't forget to vote today!! vote democrat!! go wisconsin.#wiunion. its critical to vote. gop thinks you wont	1							
1	"rt  hello there, i here that the stinking working class,were rioting in london last night, do you see why i'm in italy, blo ..."	-1							
1	"i will when i get back.. i'm still in florida but i get back next tuesday, well get it in for sure"	1							
1	rt  check out my column in scotland on sunday  today on the glorious grouse - can't wait for friday!	1							
1	#callmatterface i want to talk about how desperate luca modric is to leave spurs he ransacked tottenham last night.	0							
1	"if everton get beat tonight, do u think moyes will walk out? i think he should."	0							
1	september 3rd is the 1st alabama game! #rolltide	0							
1	"rt  andy rooney, 92, will make last appearance on cbs' '60 minutes' this sunday - tvnewser"	0							
1	"for arsenal and spurs' sake, let's hope the futures of fabregas and modric are sorted before aug 31st."	0							
1	eagles lead by 27 points going into 4th qtr (iffy 50metre penalty to help tigers). tigers still with a sniff. #afleaglestigers	0							
1	who's going to be cool and be at church tonight @ 6:30?	0							
1	my plan for today consists of:  1) doing some art 2) watching x factor from saturday 3) putting the clothes out	0							
1	"at least after work tomorrow i can look forward to 'epic win' , 'x factor'  and the return of 'doctor who' .... tho a pint may be needed."	0							
1	rt  it is 5=30 a.m. in the morning at new york. expect developments in next 4 hours. mrs gandhi must have just woken up.	0							
1	tony romo better be on point tonight! don't have time to deal with his foolishness!	-1							
1	welp glad i listened to my instincts and started romo ...we'll see how he does tonight though	1							
1	i understand where u gt it frm..lol rt  #sunday best.  why my granny just say yolanda  & donnie look like aladdin & jasmine. lol	1							
1	i lost respect for #annahazare the minute he sat at \duratma\ gandhi's graveyard yesterday. india does not need another gandhi. vandemataram	-1							
1	"while watching family guy on fox, just saw a nfl on fox promo for the bucs v chiefs game for friday... #jacked"	0							
1	"'america's got talent' semifinals begin tuesday: we want different singers than american idol and x factor, said..."	-1							
1	watching last nights red sox v yankees game before the derby match this afternoon.	0							
1	"going to florida with the fam, i'ma be back tuesday tho. don't trash the room up too much! lol."	1							
1	espn stats from sco v ireland yesterday. haven't watched the game yet but the stats tell one story	0							
1	auburn spent their entire practice today inside the new indoor facility.	0							
1	what happened at the spurs game last night mate?	0							
1	"isaiah's prayer tonight: \...and god, thank you for all the wonderful animals you made. like bears, lions, tigers and pterodactyls.\ love th"	1							
1	is creeping! rt me justin love ya so excited for the concert in october mexico loves you<3 u inspire me	1							
1	my dad reckons if this was in nigeria the president would have issued a shoot on sight order since saturday!	0							
1	hey selena! i'm going to your dallas concert on august 31st!!!!!!! rt/follow	0							
1	yo i'm so pumped 4 thursday. ravens vs eagles. let's get it!!	1							
1	"i brought up going to see switchfoot in austin on a school night to mom, and she was like \okay, cool. dallas, too!\......that was too easy."	1							
1	well the pats now have the best dline in the league with hansworth ellis and carter. 2nd easy is the lions	1							
1	just finished a great photo/video shoot for a nuit blanche fashion exhibit. it'll be on display at the pantages hotel on october 1st.	1							
1	"off to bed,there's only one kenny miller.well done you lions,well done my 3rd team pompey"	1							
1	state tv: requests 2 join israel gas deal trial to the one today under judge ahmed refaat. next we'll add amanda knox trial to refaat's!	0							
1	comedy central made my night tonight	1							
1	he'll get it when raw is live in mexico city in oct. he's apparently been havin tantrums that wwe keep \snubbing\ him. moron.	0							
1	rt  15th august. the anthem still chokes me up. the flag still makes me proud. gandhi still looks over us. happy  independence day	1							
1	rt  good gig tonight in derby!!!	1							
1	"hey christopher, would you mind going to florida, between the 21st of august to the 4th of september....thanks <3"	1							
1	"tomorrow i'm going to buy the tickets of the concert in mexico city,obviously in the first line"	1							
1	"looking forward to ring in the new school year  for aladdin...unc memorial hall, sat aug 27th 6:30"	1							
1	"espn also. rt  to those asking, you can watch our game tonight live vs chi taipei at 7pm on aktv ibc13! spread d word!"	0							
1	"gonna go school supply shopping tonight, the only thing i have for school is my tony romo folder.. :)"	0							
1	"thanks to espn now coming free with sky, got to see full dortmund game yesterday. wow, there's a team going places."	1							
1	good old trade union rep father is going to ring up from italy tonight to coach me in what to say/do tomorrow at work :)	1							
1	concert in dallas was a success tonight! t'was very hot tho! church in the a.m. then back to detroit!	1							
1	"rt  experience the excitement of the nuit blanche, an all night art and culture festival in paris:"	1							
1	"rt  i'll be at the birmingham nscoder night tomorrow (that's alabama, not the uk)"	0							
1	trying to do the same ha. but i've been good. just waiting to be up in auburn with y'all in january	1							
1	rt   come party with us & young dro next sunday august 7th black lion atl 253 auburn ave. free vodka shot menti ...	0							
1	rt  #al sanchez connecting twice early in full team practice with te dustin keller. following play was a reverse to jeremy kerle ...	1							
1	rt  heading back to chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense & amazing few days in derby with the  lad ...	1							
1	"yes, when they won third in the x factor. and yep. their album comes out on september 11th."	0							
1	rt     please vote for arsenal gaming im 1st on every wii ladder and want to hold it	0							
1	"i really hate to think it, but the same type thing that's happening to miami could happen to alabama tomorrow."	-1							
1	watching director's cut of alien.  maybe it will give us some ideas for merlin tomorrow. :-)	1							
1	"if tony romo doesn't score 50 fantasy points for me tonight, i'm screwed. wait, you're saying that's not going to happen?"	-1							
1	more players have joined ghana's camp ahead of the friendly game against nigeria on tuesday.	0							
1	it's singapore's independence day today! happy national day! can't wait for the parade this evening!	1							
1	you're going to ban straight to dvd disney movies? \aladdin 4: jafar may need glasses\ 1 or 2? umm... hahahah #familyguy	1							
1	"i think i've become a jets fans over the last few months, their 1st game is on my birthday too! #gojetsgo"	1							
1	"paddy mcguinness on this morning, continuing to show the old stereotype that broadcasters from bolton have to shout all the time."	0							
1	amanda knox judge: no new dna evidence: the judge in the amanda knox trial wednesday rejected a prosecution requ...	0							
1	"i have a date tomorrow on the brooklyn bridge, i can't wait!"	1							
1	"i may need merlin's help - secretly, of course, but i do not know that i have the power to complete the spell myself."	0							
1	good morning rooody!! much love mane from bama! ready to see you do what you do! smoke da fins tomorrow!	1							
1	re: what did you do to your bike today ?: heat finally broke here in nebraska this am. it was a nice 67 degrees ...	1							
1	"escape the rain: today's lunchtime talk   a short history of ski-in in scotland, 12.45"	0							
1	buc's dirty up sanchez. what do g-men do with 5th spot? nfl player agent ryan tollner set to join at 8pm...on  till 10pm	0							
1	"i'm so happy that the hotel at auburn has free wifi, so now i can watch the o.c before move in day tomorrow!! #thishasgottabeagoodlife"	1							
1	cowboys' tony romo still searching for career moment  via usa today >same things were said about dirk  title cures all	0							
1	even sxsw last yr he was there the 1st 2 days and went to dallas the day stump was there	0							
1	i'm 13 my 1st concert was yesterday at the eagles field. i wish i was able to hug you when you were walking back <3 lexie	1							
1	"finished qbs. if the draft were today and i got to pick first every time, i'd take arian foster, roddy white, jason witten, n aaron rodgers"	0							
1	"i just finished dexter, season 5. i seriously can't wait until season 6 on october 2! check out the trailer for it here."	1							
1	tonight - we test one of our nuit blanche projects! nuit blanche is coming up! what are we doing you ask?	0							
1	i better meet steve on the brooklyn bridge today.	0							
1	dallas!!! are you ready to come have a great night with us?! we can't wait to blow the roof off with you!	1							
1	thanks.  still have love for my galaxy!! i will cheering us on to victory at the stadium club tonite!! beat dallas!!	1							
1	enjoying a high volume of trash tv tonight. just caught the tail end of x factor. love gary barlow. love him. obviously an age thing.	1							
1	"new issue of forbes (aug 26) has my essay on a personal encounter with gandhi & apartheid in s africa. not yet online, but take a look."	0							
1	"we have the new laptop for skyping! we fly to ireland wednesday morning, perhaps we can skype before then?"	0							
1	"rt  wow ghana vs nigeria is tomorrow, the way i forgot boi<lol is anyone even going?"	0							
1	"rt  breakers win, 2-0, and clinch the fourth and final playoff spot! will play magicjack wednesday at 7:30pm in florida  ..."	0							
1	"right, well. merlin, i'll be checking on you um... tomorrow. please have clothes on."	0							
1	"obviously we're not looking great right now, but the 'arsenal will finish 5th' prediction is wrong every year!"	-1							
1	comes out on dvd on the 20th. i'm pumped. melissa mccarthy is so perfect in that movie	1							
1	dope night with the eagles .did #sangz1 tell you he deleted all the pics	-1							
1	what did you think of derby tonight sav?	0							
1	i'm going to the ravens game in philly this thursday #getnthefucoutofhere	0							
1	"i spent the majority of my weekend sitting in bed, editing & watching the entire 1st season of dexter. 'twas divine. i have no regrets."	1							
1	"rt  after hours tonight - jammin, dimples, durrty skanx, harry shotta, byron & romo audio download:  big!"	0							
1	nfl rumors: tennessee titans must make strong bid for jerricho cotchery: last thursday the new york jets let go ...	0							
1	andy rooney is really sucking it up on the pitch today. who misses pks by falling over?	-1							
1	"lions taken back to den for repairs: if you follow the pride in bournemouth trail today, you might be le...  #dorset"	0							
1	rt  is it possible for aaron rodgers to suffer a career ending injury tonight? just curious.	-1							
1	"well the ravens played there first preseason game this thursday againt the eagles, ravens d vs michael vick."	0							
1	"rt  aaron rodgers reminds how good he is on 2nd drive, finishes with 21-yard td pass to jennings. ma..."	1							
1	a win over england on the 5th day of the 3rd test match will give us one more reason to celebrate the independence day! via	1							
1	i may have just thrown a lime at an nfl player. apologies forthcoming #ivaluemylife	-1							
1	rt  dantrai is leaving the h friday house party wed for my going away party boys going to florida y'all fwm	0							
1	"hahahhahaha lol,its probably cuz im sat here in a green day hoodie.....xx :)"	1							
1	"germany refusing to bail out italy: source: polizeros.com --- saturday, august 06, 2011zero hedge it just went f..."	0							
1	morning tweeps #goonerfamily . did arsenal sign anyone yet ? even from a sunday league player ? i doubt it !	0							
1	rt  comedy central on point tonight.	0							
1	view from the brooklyn bridge at night	0							
1	glad i caught up on sweet home alabama yesterday finally bc it comes back on tonight!	1							
1	"yes, the dallas event did. remind me to send you a link tomorrow. it was on 10:00 news too. our ft worth event had none tho."	0							
1	"rt  for those just tuning in, #chargers have linked those two games as pkg. to see aaron rodgers nov 6, you gotta buy tix ..."	0							
1	lol of course!! my fav disney movie is the 1st aladdin...i love the 2nd one too	1							
1	"not even mid-day and auburn has a heat index of 45c! meanwhile, still waiting for summer @ 14c in the late afternoon"	0							
1	tuesday will be my last day in florida :-(	-1							
1	"interestingly, \too big to fail\ was also the title of the pep talk that was given to melissa mccarthy this morning."	0							
1	"two-time champion  is down big early, but still has romo and dez tonight, as well as two rbs to go."	0							
1	'cowboys and aliens' comes to uk theatres on august 17th. it looks pretty good. gonna see it for my b'day on august 23rd.	1							
1	wisconsin: remember to vote tomorrow! consider it practice for recalling walker. practice makes perfect. #wiunion #wirecall #p2	0							
1	i know it wasn't a typo  the curse on romo is coming sun he going 2 suffer a sports hernia followed by receiving crabs from dez	0							
1	"so excited for recruitment to start at auburn today! these gamma omega thetas are going to be great! #wareagle [christa and katharine"""	1							
1	"it doesn't look good for the rest of the day. rain coming down from scotland. if you're going out today, wrap up"	-1							
1	"earliest possible date for amanda knox appeal verdict: sept 29, per court schedule just released. final arguments begin sept 23"	0							
1	i'm really pleased with your concert in mexico on october 1 and of course i'll be there!	1							
1	ok mr king see me about the bills (or the eagles for that matter) come the first weekend in february. #bills #eagles #nfl	0							
1	rt  rt if you love the song called last night on earth by green day.#indowantsgreenday	0							
1	mail on sunday: cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more ...	-1							
1	if you were considering a tfr to spurs would the rioting last night put you off?	0							
1	wise words of kristin chenoweth: knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing you'll ever learn	1							
1	"iron man 3, hangover part iii, the last friday #2013"	0							
1	"going to see young savage saturday w/ my girls. lol,"	1							
1	pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a tour by banglad...	1							
1	"a bit of sunday fun, shot in whitstable, kent and muscat, oman! 'down poured the heavens':  via"	1							
1	i have a feeling there's going to be quite abit of transfer activity @ spurs tomorrow	0							
1	"is hosting joe bermudez friday night in the wildcat den! free for students! listen to launchpad tonight, 8pm."	0							
1	"let us zoom out from the fraud, and zoom into the fact that madoff was a fucking genius. i may be alone on this one though."	-1							
1	awhh i can't wait for stevie tv! i wish it was march 4 already!	1							
1	all the best to those who are taking physics tomorrow :) <3	1							
1	"yup it's national bieber day , cuz our baby just turned 18  #loveyaforevernalways"	1							
1	louis saha could become the 8th player 2 score 4 6 different pl teams this weekend.can u name the 7 who've dne it?	0							
1	i am seriously thinking about it! i may go back down to drexel to get some books.	1							
1	i just commented: looks like newcastle will be without krul & coloccini for monday night... in the everton fc app	0							
1	e l james' writing caliber is that of a 2nd grader. throw in some bondage though and you've got a best seller	1							
1	ole boy who preached sunday looked like david ruffin from the temptations	0							
1	vh1 is going to kill friday after next	1							
1	dear us and australian directioners just knw tht cuz i live in ireland doesn't mean i knw niall r country may see small but it's not :) x	1							
1	okami hd makes me wish i had a ps3. i may just wait for the ps4 and hope that all of psn's games are on the ps4 store as well.	1							
1	"i'm going to cowboy junkies at barbican centre in london, united kingdom - jan 25"	0							
1	waiting for newcastle to smash the mackems with  #derbyday in the sun!	0							
1	"rt  iebc may hold the most modern & credible elections, but that wont stop kenya from burning again if the intolerance we  ..."	-1							
1	"adm turner, okinawa: i may be crazy but it looks like the japanese have quit the war. nimitz: delete all after \crazy.\ #wwii"	0							
1	"buzzin to see santino, zack ryder, aj and layla turn the lights on at braehead tuesday hahaha #woowoowoo"	1							
1	down at chesters tonight playing some bass with the august james band. can't wait to see what songs we know how to play!	1							
1	if you find someone on d-1 please share.  i may try to do some with wichita st. and their opponents this season.	0							
1	playstation network maintenance scheduled for october 15  that'll be the new store then. exciting!	1							
1	"heading to putrajaya, may allah bless along the way!"	1							
1	"men's club basketball game at gonzaga in the rudolph fitness center court 1 on monday, november 5th at 8:15pm!!! spread the word people!"	1							
1	"mort zuckerman, wsjdon't be fooled by the headline unemployment number of 8.1% announced on friday. the reason the number dropped to 8.1%..."	0							
1	marvel's phase two kicks off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd:  briefly: if halloween isn't enough to l...	0							
1	it's the saturday of a home football game aaaand i'm in isat ... cool.	1							
1	plz give the fans a treat and start trash talking david taylor. really heat things up b4 what may be the match of the century!	0							
1	i really and positively dgaf about ted nugent's bronco rebuild. in fact if i see bronco with zebra stripes i may have to stfosb.	1							
1	roman abramovich has pulled the plug on a possible january bid for falcao (daily star) #cfc	0							
1	"it's the cool, tasty ice cream sandwich upgrade  it may take some getting used to since it's new.^th"	1							
1	"charlie rose with rich lowry, mort zuckerman, charles cook, karen tumulty, roger simon & david sanger (march 2, ..."	0							
1	"nova friends, you won't want to miss this monday!! fairfax victory rally w/ mitt & the gop team #mitt2012"	1							
1	#pirategang @ the rex theatre tomorrow doors open at 5pm. come show your support if you fuck with real music !!   #gang	1							
1	silent house was decent...now time to watch #advengers for the 2nd time. got a #lowkey crush on iron man & thor	1							
1	"i have a home boy trying to sign up for the d league try outs june 17th...  his skills a1, anyway to get him added?"	0							
1	jazz and celeste are seeing jack white in london on saturday and i shall be eating nutella with a spoon	0							
1	you guys need a proven goal scorer asap & he fits the bill!! rt can roman abramovich please get us falcao in jan!!!	1							
1	my roommate going to eastern tomorrow.	0							
1	happy birthday to haryana. march on the path to progress....	1							
1	pretty picture floridas sky's look like that sometimes i love watching sun set.. and by the way my gma loves u	1							
1	\ shaq morris narrowed his list to wichita state & oral roberts. he will likely make a final decision mon.\	0							
1	#catherinebelll i watched good witch for the 1st time.  what a wonderful show.  i've seen all ur jag and army wives.  ur fan  ara	1							
1	"happy casimir pulaski day! (and i do realize the day is almost over but it still is monday, march 5th, so i say it`s fine.)"	1							
1	taken sitting at the window of the st david's hotel cardiff bay when ian and i were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary.	1							
1	a bit frustrating. i don't think i've added you on my new psn account. i'll do it tomorrow.	-1							
1	shit here comes all the hawker tweets. don't worry wildcat fans they will all be gone on march 20 (first round of ncaa tourney)	-1							
1	"update on the release of the beatles - love me do 50th anniversary 7\ vinyl, the record will now be released on the 22nd of october"	0							
1	#2 divison iii offense in the nation vs. the best team we've played this saturday	0							
1	y'all know that one boy that makes it seem like he won 1st place in the kentucky derby whenever he gets a good grade. yeah. we have that now	1							
1	i like those too1  i love old movies 30s & 40s i was 9 living on okinawa the 1st time i saw it happened 1 nite on aft	1							
1	good luck to all my babies taking history and physics tomorrow! may the force be with you! make history!	1							
1	"well bummer the vikings just lost to wsh :(    ......oh well tomorrow is another day,good try boys!  buck up boo's we still love u always!"	1							
1	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's ga...	-1							
1	cliff avril on whether he would have been healthy to play on sunday (lions on bye): \i would have played.\	0							
1	now it's november won't b long til xmas music starts on vh1. can't wait all day everyday	1							
1	"when all is said and done, fluke will still need a job.  dws are you watching?  never mind you are out of office nov 6.  #tcot"	0							
1	guess who paid for an nba league pass & guess who's watching his team lose for the 2nd night in a row... fml!	0							
1	good morning! do you come up as north as plant city for the shows? we will be at the nov 17th show.	1							
1	martin atkinson the man in the middle on sunday. #nufc have never won an away game with him in charge. 6 losses and 4 draws	-1							
1	feels like vegas in la    auditions in 4 saturday!! movie called raymond legends u will be shooting the trailer	0							
1	tomb raider preview on the works today. have a chance to read it in december psmania issue. #tombraider	0							
1	front line with kamran shahid - 22 may 2012	0							
1	"25 yrs ago, blessed pope john paul ii visited the archdiocese of detroit-- the 1st papal visit to mi in history."	1							
1	tom segal was in flying form at chester yesterday. buy the racing post to see what his friday pricewise picks are.	0							
1	everything about brownsville is just bad and depressing. can't wait to go back home tomorrow.	-1							
1	"animal planet star tia torres of pit bulls & parolees to attend for the love of dogs festival in smyrna, ga nov 3rd"	0							
1	how i'm going to miss senior year's selma vs k-town game friday cuz i have work! <<<	-1							
1	may your new year be filled with magic.	1							
1	lazy sunday ralph mcquarrie #top100femalelies paul pierce melo lamar odom got sent to the d-league	0							
1	i really just want to cuddle up in a blanket and watch army wives right now. but i have a midterm and paper due tomorrow. #yaycollege	-1							
1	"playstation network maintenance monday: if you're looking to play psn games this upcoming monday, you better sign-in..."	0							
1	we just received word that our nov 3rd show at the pch club with ted nugent tribute stranglehold has been...	0							
1	"tomorrow is going to be another beautiful day! amazing day to be outside for marching band practice! 83, we can and we will do it :)"	1							
1	it's going down this thursday @ club signature 2001 lumpkin rd suite #3dollathursdays $3 w/ college id! everyone else $5 18+ w/ id!!! #colga	0							
1	"daily digit: exchanges lost $1 mln a day: oct 31 - nyse, nasdaq, and the cboe each lost about $1 million in trad..."	-1							
1	"fca tomorrow 7:20 am in the team room, be there."	0							
1	i hate mikey and vanessa . i hope tomorrow at the movies they run out of tickets and they have to walk all the way back home .	-1							
1	club pulse was fun af. had a blast. heading to the crib. relaxing tomorrow & getting into a lil trouble with friends. #gladidonthaveparents	1							
1	the bulls are going to kick the kings asses tomorrow night.	1							
1	"gregg williams will attend st. louis rams game sunday, espn reports: jonathan vilma points out the interesting t..."	0							
1	yay tomorrow i'll be going to putrajaya for a walk. woweee.	1							
1	"\merging science into common core\ workshop will be held next sat. at the museum of science, boston:  #edchat"	0							
1	\ rui en's off to macau tomorrow for the filming of poetic justice. and here's a note from her :)	1							
1	"why i got talked into this brookwood game, the world may never know."	-1							
1	"the late great andrew breitbart's new movie, occupy unmasked, comes out friday. who's going? #tcot #gop #teaparty"	1							
1	"casually walking around the house singing,dancing and yelling \robsten is unbroken yo! october 15 2012 yo!\ i think i'm gonna faint yo! :')"	1							
1	got an hour talk session with capt. imran tomorrow. he's so smart and manage to become a captain by the age of 26.	1							
1	italy: former pm silvio berlusconi was indicted tuesday with new criminal charges   - breaking news buzz	0							
1	sneak peak: this sunday is going to be a big day in adventure park!	1							
1	"90s night in the kremlin next friday, bring your best whigfield costume"	0							
1	holy shit jack white tomorrow! when he plays seven nation army it'll be insane	1							
1	mbn reveals #10 in #orlrank tomorrow (top 10 players in magic franchise history). can't wait to reveal who it is.	1							
1	the 2nd game united lost was away to chelsea. martin atkinson was the ref then and some of his decisions incurred the wrath of saf.	-1							
1	"photo: dr. seuss has always been one of my favorite people. his work may have been surreal, but it always..."	1							
1	"hitting fair lakes chipoltle, franklin farm, fairfax corner, and the one down 50 tomorrow"	0							
1	1st step towards diluting the issue? did you ask the same q when it came to gadkari?	0							
1	tonight csa will announce a new sponsor. today the kai cricket board played their kfc mini-cricket festival and they continue tomorrow in el	0							
1	"first reaction: would look great in a simcity game. 2nd reaction: ooh, it's motorized!"	1							
1	russia denies deal with iran over military cooperation in meeting on wednesday   - breaking news buzz	-1							
1	"wildcat rosters, including the 8th grade girls roster, have been updated again at"	0							
1	did you know i love your face? because i do. ps.  i named my rubber ducky capt. sparkle-pants the 3rd. #wtf	0							
1	so stoked! i'm going to the irving plaza nyc show on november 18th c:	1							
1	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm!! #fvsu rt14x	0							
1	"how much r u paid 2 exclude oxford don, khurshid as 1 of d iac expose. hope today will be the 4th after vadra, khurshid, gadkari"	0							
1	jordan: activists call for november 1 sit-in near palestinian diplomatic mission in amman to condemn the oslo agreements	0							
1	"woody, do a mail monday with fps russia? those are so funny!"	1							
1	today is the anniversary of dr. seuss's death and tomorrow is silverstein's birthday... so we should all only tweet in rhyme	0							
1	"happy birthday to roman abramovich the man who made everything possible, i hope we'll give him his present on the 28th.   #cfc"	1							
1	great shows at java jazz in jakarta. just landed in tokyo and we'll be at billboard live tomorrow with al jarreau & the george duke trio.	1							
1	tomorrow is the feast of bl. pope john paul ii. i've almost finished stocking up on the necessary celebration supplies. #celebrate #catholic	1							
1	kristin chenoweth will be on over the rainbow sunday night! 8pm cbc. here she gives me a singing lesson. i'm bad.	1							
1	went to see the psychedelic sun ra arkestra last night at the barbican centre. #trippin	0							
1	aj went to bed at 8:30 or 9:00 tonight. kid was tired. there was no stopping it. hubby and i sat and watched the stuff we usually watch...	0							
1	pray for: the peace of jerusalem. pray for the peace of jerusalem! may they be secure who love you! #ps122	1							
1	great photo exhibition: everything was moving: photography from the 60s and 70s / untill 13 jan 2013 barbican centre	1							
1	magnificent scallop monday is on now!  a fresh lot of whangamata scallops has just arrived at iguana. head in and...	1							
1	"ohh cool, start going to fca on thursday mornings!"	1							
1	"mersey side derby tomorrow, who do you think will come out on top? #behindthegoal"	0							
1	"hearts throbbing, might not make it to my 21st... #sike! better watch out world, courtney's here & no ones stopping me."	-1							
1	can anyone help me with physics? universal gravitation. i have this worksheet due tomorrow and i honestly can not figure it out	-1							
1	2 days till jack white at alley pally then i find out the ruskies need me to work on saturday. what's is it like to have a personal life?	0							
1	"long day work, g37 meet, marijuana march and avengers. all sick nonetheless."	-1							
1	jack did you get this? #trend runako morton  ?=67ce	0							
1	addicted to army wives and i'm only on the 5th episode of the 1st season!	1							
1	i just became the mayor of sun cellular - sm sta. mesa on	0							
1	"just got my first gun. it just happens to match my fps russia gear. it may not be much,but it will a snake!"	1							
1	"afghans protest against french cartoons, us film: hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time a..."	-1							
1	turns out having less than an hour's unbroken sleep leaves you feeling pretty grim on a tuesday	-1							
1	"have a feeling shotton will play rb tomorrow, just for the long throw."	0							
1	"summer school tomorrow, and ying is all hyped up, no sleep tonight"	1							
1	uniontown all ready has a 2 hour delay tomorrow smh brownsville is gonna be the only school that don't have shit	-1							
1	"ufo sighting: black triangle sighting in perryton, texas on october 20th 2012 - black object that obscured the s..."	0							
1	this sunday the leos are taken over jett lounge #lionking	0							
1	can you please follow me???? are you gonna be at justin biebers concert on november 28th at madison square garden??? #paradise	0							
1	love him or hate him but so excited about getting to meet ted nugent tomorrow night :)	1							
1	"no sir, i am not about to get on spc for hiring young eli to go out there and entertain them white folks on a monday night"	-1							
1	just about that time!!  nba season jumps off tomorrow!! my preseason mvc's (most valuable cats)  and  #bbn	1							
1	#atl it's #leo season! this sunday turnup @ jett lounge! free entry 4 everybody all night!!! rsvpfirstclass@	0							
1	"\ march 16 luke bryan is gonna at the houston rodeo. i have to go, its a must!\"	1							
1	"will be attending  with advanced solutions in education. london, jan 30th - feb 2nd 2013"	0							
1	queens of the stone age & dave grohl sat on the stool - regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour	0							
1	thank youuuuuuu <3 wanna come over tomorrow after 5 or wanna wait for me at monroe with grace jurrel so we can get ~~~~~	1							
1	did you know that david miliband was a yum junglist? catch   this friday night.	0							
1	all my passengers i aplogize for the tardiness of the 2nd half of the dual single \magic\ but it's dropping soon...staytunned!!!!!!!!!!	0							
1	"mt  my apologies: my bronchitis prevents it, and countdown tonight. bill carter &  replace, respectively"	0							
1	so november 30th is the date set for the release of zoe hd on psn. were you a fan of the original?	0							
1	it's going down this thursday @ club signature 2001 lumpkin rd suite #3dollathursdays $3 w/ college id! everyone else $5 18+ w/ id!!!!!	0							
1	"will never but the sun jo, never!  even - for a guaranteed date with dave grohl!!! even then!!!"	-1							
1	"honda classic tomorrow, calling it now, tiger and rory coming down to the wire"	0							
1	my sunday nights haven't been the same since  has been gone from breakout kings. i wonder what he's doing next? can't wait 2 c!	1							
1	#g8m steve emerson on sun explains the riots and real motives  #tcot #teaparty	0							
1	ta: lg spectrum ice cream sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow:  starting tomorrow owners of the lg...  #android	0							
1	in honor and remembrance of tom hagedorn \light the night\ and support women's soccer tomorrow at 7pm as they take on gonzaga.	1							
1	"so let's jet skip to june for lakers vs heat \ it's already official, james harden is on the houston rockets right now. #nba\"	0							
1	"long day tomorrow, university of idaho and eastern visits!"	0							
1	last day to buy spc cards is tomorrow! please support so we're able to give you an awesome halloween!	1							
1	"whoop whoop it is kids eat free wednesday!! swing into o'briens irish pub | plant city, tonight for kids eat free..."	1							
1	a signed tom boonen shirt is only one of the items in the #eyclassics auction. curious for more? joing us this sunday!	1							
1	"who wants magic? how about our magical morocco retreat, march 16-21? camels, souks, spa, gorgeous riad...oh and yoga!"	1							
1	i did my fafsa last wednesday & that same day i got approved for a loan! but get on it girllllll! don't procrastinate!	1							
1	#pricewise tom segal will be on  from 9:00am tomorrow morning to preview the live channel four races. #newmarket #horseracing	0							
1	that may lower his rank in the mcgeezers he will go down to the d league	-1							
1	went to the shepard fairey exhibition yesterday at stolen gallery just off brick lane. fantastic art - on till nov 4th so still time to go!!	1							
1	"6 - louis saha is going to play for his 6th premier league club, only marcus bent, andy cole & wayne routledge have played for more. travel."	0							
1	that last tweet was to hf thanks for the day off tomorrow!! notttt	1							
1	the sports arena office.. (:\ anyone know where i can buy arolladora tickets? for pico rivera? on the 14th?? wss sold out:(\	0							
1	recent conditions have allowed 226 euclid to hold open tryouts for the iditarod. registration is tomorrow at noon.	0							
1	now... i miss rui en on tv. it's okay... 18 february marks the day when rangels get to see her again.	1							
1	any odds on louis saha to score the winner in the derby on sunday?  #backtohauntthescum #bagger	0							
1	i can't wait to see the lakers tomorrow....	1							
1	wichita state evens match 1-1 with 25-18 2nd set win. watch live at  or follow at	1							
1	\ the pregame 'state of the union' vuu vs vcu .. tomorrow night at mansion !\	0							
1	"star wars visionary becomes one with the force: artist dies at 82 star wars conceptual artist ralph mcquarrie, w..."	-1							
1	lhh girl .. she may be cool. uhm i want to go to tennessee state . i don't want a roommate .dont even wanna chance it . wbu?	-1							
1	may allah grants us all our hrt desires n make us better prsns than the yrs before	1							
1	red cross: syria is now in civil war: the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now conside...	0							
1	st david please just cancel school tomorrow. i really don't feel like dying in a hurricane...	-1							
1	rip to capt. walbridge of #hmsbounty. fair winds and following seas wherever you may be	0							
1	"read my tweets - may help you understand ? i am also bothered by the fact that madoff screwed people, despite evidence of such"	-1							
1	"even though we just play troy this saturday, i still can't wait to watch tennessee play! #truevolfan #gobigorange"	1							
1	not in the afghan halal meat shop but it may as well be with the amount of afghans and halal meat in the house!!	1							
1	to whom it may concern in luxembourg: you liked the madoff affair you will enjoy the apollonia affair  #affaireapollonia	1							
1	she may have failed the drug test for metenolone but no trace of rohypnol or ghb were found in her sample	0							
1	"eagle bancorp completes sale of $10 million of common stock: nov 1 &;- eagle bancorp inc. (nasdaq:egbn), the par..."	0							
1	nice one phil big nose on soccer sat telling everyone you said mersey derby better than manc one  #loadofbollocks	1							
1	"today was an awesome day but it is quite sad for me and my teammates :) . qian , yue , ying and jun :)"	1							
1	march fourth marching band is sound checking and sounds awesome. don't miss this show tonight.	1							
1	could be an iron bowl sunday in greensboro on pga tour with bud cauley and jason dufner near the lead. and uga's harris english.	0							
1	are you reaaaady???  26km run tomorrow: belair to sm sta. rosa via greenfield city. gotta sleep now. #boom	0							
1	thnx for the follow! the chronicles of jan sound hilarious! love the tribe of periscopes. very douglas adams.	1							
1	im sad. my shorts dont smell like vanessa anymore:(i sat there sniffing it cuz it smelled like her i need her to wash it again #macandcheese	-1							
1	may have mentioned this but i am quite in love with bruce springsteen. jack of all trades from wrecking ball has nearly made me weep at desk	1							
1	"-but saturday.. if you can make it to monroe, please do so ! the after party for 3 different games is all in one. #gsu #jsu #ull #ulm #tech"	1							
1	\those costumes are for purim\ may be the line of the season. #newgirl #schmidt rules	0							
1	help us get to 250 followers by the start of mvc playoffs this sunday!	0							
1	"david taylor?  a few yrs ago, whn he 1st came 2 stl, he went by apostle. my hubs used 2 play for his services."	0							
1	"don't miss these upcoming spc events:  on november 15th - a post-election breakdown with mark and mark,..."	0							
1	had a dream i arrived at sjp an hour before kick-off & sat in the gallowgate penalty area talking to pardew about our club. he was lovely.	1							
1	"george strait's upcoming final world tour has him headlining the houston rodeo on march 17,2013. guess i know..."	0							
1	foothill vs. laguna hills is  game of the week. it airs friday 11:30 pm saturday 1 and 8 pm sunday 1 and 7 pm 9/17 8 pm 9/18 8 pm	1							
1	on the 7 hour journey from uni to st.james park - my real home. come on newcastle!! my 1st european night at sjp #nufc #brugge	0							
1	"vb: #ue drops to 5-10 on the season after a sweep at wichita state tonight: 3-0 (25-16, 25-16, 25-17). aces play at missouri state tomorrow."	0							
1	"outdoor movie night tomorrow!!  come see lorax while you eat hot dogs, and munch on popcorn and other treats.  food at 6pm, movie at dusk"	0							
1	no footy as wednesday ....you know thursday is spurs day (@ white hart lane stadium)	0							
1	prob not till schuler gets back. i'm moving to knoxville in january so it'll be the last one for a while i feel like	0							
1	"head to a #ladbrokes shop at 9am tomorrow to hear tom segal, #pricewise of the racing post preview the action at #royalascot. #horseracing"	0							
1	you've got to hand it to tom segal for big saturday handicaps on the flat.	0							
1	no back to watching jim henson's fattest character pitch the 8th #brettbeakermyers	0							
1	"ok guys. hate on sjp all you want, just remember, you have school tomorrow. #havefun"	1							
1	lol! the sworn affidavit from former saints dc gregg williams that the  presented to vilma was signed last friday. (via	1							
1	party tonight friday oct 26 @ kwames fusion 476 cosburn ave east york. on m2j 2n5    playing the best in old school reggae and hip hop.	1							
1	"is taco tuesday, see you at el rodeo de pico rivera this friday ."	0							
1	idc anymore everyone leave me alone at school tomorrow i'm going pissed....	-1							
1	poetic justice may just be my favorite song...	1							
1	hi baby :*** see you tomorrow on sm sta.rosa ! yaay !	1							
1	"fastball, wild seeds set to take the stage for grulkefest: a celebration of brent at acl live  via"	0							
1	"infinite's last date of their japan arena tour is on the 22nd of november. lucky fans, they get to be with dongwoo on his birthday."	1							
1	good to see danny care starting the 3rd test against the boks. great player who's very quick at the base of the rucks #rugby	1							
1	"studying anatomy & watching army wives is what the rest of my night consist of, can't wait for a little break with  tomorrow!"	1							
1	tomorrow i'm going to the knicks vs celtics game ^.^ cool	1							
1	weekend pressure at tpc sawgrass? look no further than harris english - 12 shot swing in a day - goes from 67 fri to 79 sat	0							
1	your mom sat on psn and it went down.	-1							
1	1st gonzaga game of the year!!! #gozags	1							
1	"omg omg omg. please sandy, knock the power out in west liberty, wv tomorrow at 5 a.m. and i will forever love you. gah #noexam"	1							
1	demi lovato will perform at the 2013 houston rodeo on march 3rd!! get your tickets!	1							
1	timeout #mtvb as arkansas state has come back to take a 20-19 lead in the 4th set. red wolves lead match 2-1	0							
1	#opm will be performing live in the southside at rex theatre on the 8th of june. holla at any #opm rep. or myself for tickets.	0							
1	"girls night out-friday night-november 2nd. fairfax police gym -#jazzercise. 6-8pm. revercomb dr. fairfax, va. potluck following the dance!"	0							
1	hf  for pay what you wish week! oct 29- nov 4	0							
1	new blog post : marvel's phase two kicks off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd	0							
1	express front line with kamran shahid \international day of #women\ 05 march 2012 #pakistan #mqm #womenpk	0							
1	"how much does  want to win va? enough for 2 more rallies here on monday, last day of campaigning, in lynchburg & fairfax."	0							
1	"plans for the weekend: movies, watch tennessee dominate saturday ( i hope ) and go to church #solid"	0							
1	i'm gonna be blasting \find me\ all day on the 14th. i hope the neighbors like christina grimmie.	1							
1	too lazy to do lorax's journal. would just do it tomorrow at school.	-1							
1	they have sessions at the bridge tomorrow before the game & next at cobham is thursday	0							
1	marijuana march is trending... idk bout you but the last thing i wanna do when i'm high is walk #lazy	0							
1	amazing work directioners! little things was number 1 on the  tonight! can we do it again tomorrow? #challengeaccepted	1							
1	"spoiler alert!!! watch the teen choice awards on studio 23 this sunday, christina grimmie might be there. have a good weekend!"	1							
1	harris english drilled a volunteer in the head with his 1st tee shot today. video:	-1							
1	"tomorrow will mark 42 years since the wichita state football team plane crash happened.(october 2, 1970-silver plume,co) 31 lost their lives"	-1							
1	harris english hit a dude in the top of the head on his 1st tee shot of the day!! #wow	0							
1	negative! 90's would be the poetic justice look or how they dressed in friday.	-1							
1	"real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sunday's la liga trip to real mallorca, with sami khedi...  #fb"	-1							
1	big bangs new season starts on the 27th yeah boii	1							
1	12th film at #mtnfest: winged seduction: birds of paradise. this was the sexiest movie at banff. if you think mating birds are sexy.	1							
1	"i don't doubt the 2nd coming will be in jerusalem and missouri, but when is it due?"	0							
1	friday night prombley just gonna watch jim henson's memorial on youtube or something	0							
1	"sreven taylor will look pretty daft after the mackems win tomorrow,i really think they will beat you.parmo"	-1							
1	nbc writer  has lorenzo brown as 4th best pg in the nation. ryan harrow comes in at no. 19:	0							
1	aye if u guys like basketball the nba league pass is free for november 6th find the channels on comcast or direct tv	1							
1	"#justsharing a video bout hebrew letters, its interesting, may it bless ye: by joseph prince"	1							
1	thanks for the follow. you may need a super rope cinch for hunting. ted nugent loves it. check out	1							
1	"chicagoans: happy casimir pulaski day!!!!! wherever you are, find yourself a pierogi and celebrate!!! #pulaskiday"	1							
1	"i'll see :\ i have to go to timmonsville tomorrow afternoon and brandon's gonna be with me, so i'm not sure."	0							
1	howay newcastle beat the mackems and then we can do them over next tuesday! #nufc #mfc	1							
1	the only 2nd coming i'm interested in is  bringing his wrecking ball back to the uk  #hisalmightybruceness	1							
1	dave did you miss this? #trend runako morton	0							
1	"maniaci on casimir pulaski day (march 1, 04): \some people call it a holiday.\ judge: \i call it a holiday.\courtroom laughs#drewpeterson"	0							
1	girl i been in timmonsville since may 4th and yayyy you miss me lol	1							
1	"ted nugent talks to us about #hunting and other stuff he's got on his mind  this saturday at 7am on the great outdoors, #nuge"	0							
1	last day of istep tomorrow. #tg #overit	0							
1	goaldotcom: premier league team of the week: van persie & aguero both star after city & arsenal wins	1							
1	oslo has been gloomy the whole day. am ok with the temperature but not the non-sunny outlook. hope it gets better tomorrow.	-1							
1	what happened to breakout kings? thought it may of come back after the block. have you guys just cut it completely from programming?	0							
1	"i worked at chesters, & the george was our 2nd home, we loved it. ill certainly be back! :-)"	1							
1	"greasy hair and the smell of weed at shotton station, where art though friday."	0							
1	"who will get the tough buckets in the 4th quarter for, the bulls?"	0							
1	who wants to be on  kandi factory?? #kandifactory you may see me and my new music on the new series	0							
1	"\ as we reported earlier in the day, pg lorenzo brown will have surgery on tuesday. \ hoping 4 speedy recovery"	1							
1	micca tomorrow. my support for the marching band is ridiculous. #needstostop #butilovethemsomuch #itssoearly #eyeswithpride #maybenextyear	1							
1	poor bruce springsteen: 1st swan co-opts badlands; then abbott adopts the wrecking ball title. when will aussie politicians leave him alone?	-1							
1	\ so you want people like chief keef & ted nugent to have guns. c'mon son #debate\	-1							
1	"the schools are also in the middle of istep testing, so they may not be able to get back to you yet"	-1							
1	"sony's playstation network store will receive an overhaul next wednesday, october 17, in the pal territories and october 23 in north..."	0							
1	attention directioners! beliebers are posting this picture! tomorrow we'll replay the video all day! #jealousy! #hate!	-1							
1	headed to the honda classic in florida (@ airport fast park - red lot)	0							
1	tottenham hotspur boss andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for brazilian willian.	0							
1	excited for tomorrow's photo session with indhi fashion design studio at theloniousstudios	1							
1	\ sat here with roger johnson trying to name other rogers under the age of 40. roger black? how olds he??\ roger rabbit?!	0							
1	our neighbor is removing some trees and my 7 year old has been so bothered about it all day at school.we may have to lay off lorax for a bit	-1							
1	you're going to breath the same air as song joongki tomorrow  grrrr	0							
1	i want my 18th birthday to be hosted by fps russia. that'd be epic.	1							
1	bright side of the sun - recapping the recaps: see what others said about the suns loss to warriors #suns	1							
1	christmas or the feast of dedication? passover or easter? memorial day or purim? july 4th or feast of pentecost?	0							
1	"the marching band is playing the 3rd quarter dance song right now and i can hear it from my class. i gotta do it, can't stop..."	1							
1	"tomorrow, okami will be released on psn in hd. can't wait to play it again! to me, it's one of the greatest games ever made! #okami #clover"	1							
1	tomorrow is halloween and i'm going to be glass. something about justin beiber running into me or something. my boyfriend said to say that.	0							
1	tennessee is going to kill troy on saturday!	1							
1	playing with fluke tomorrow night in the sailors return. #weymouth. #live gig.	0							
1	sema kicks off in las vegas tomorrow.  our friends over at  built up this wildcat for the gbc...	0							
1	im going saturday with you and vanessa.	0							
1	i'm hooked on horse racing..i've been to the del mar racetrack in san diego..and now i wanna go to the kentucky derby..	1							
1	"today is the first day of work for the southern indiana blitz build in henryville. as you may remember, last..."	0							
1	"on june 29, andrew breitbart offered a $100,000 reward to anyone for the \full 'journolist' archive, source fully protected\."	1							
1	front line with kamran shahid latest - 25 june 2012:	0							
1	tomorrow night it's your chance to slay a dragon in jerusalem's old city!	1							
1	that girl rhonda rousey is bad. and she's got 6 ws all by way of 6 1st rd arm bars. #badass	-1							
1	"premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, evans & ashley young star"	1							
1	first game of the season for the lakers tomorrow #cantwait	1							
1	linkedin events: a celebration for the performing arts in television film theatre & fashion november 24th 2012 room 43 1039 e 43rd st.	0							
1	is martin atkinson being brought out on wednesday to 'even it up'	0							
1	"i hope you start on saturday , no coincidence our best performances of the season vs swansea & nufc you started. #avfc #utv"	1							
1	"gonzaga women win cal poly invitational - wed, 31 oct 2012 pst: gonzaga placed four golfers in the top 10 on..."	0							
1	$150 for george strait in march at the houston rodeo?! looks like i need to start saving! :)	1							
1	"can't wait for tomorrow. nervous but excited. colo, taylor and krul all back. how's the mackem slayor feeling?"	1							
1	"in rugby news,  are winning 26-5 at cobham, with the four-try bonus point in the bag. see the monday gazette for a full report."	1							
1	be sure to watch the broadcast premiere of the official 2012 iditarod race documentary - sunday 6-8pm.	1							
1	"new listing coming in laguna hills, ca! 5 bed plus bonus room, pool, 3 car garage...to hit the market officially tomorrow!"	1							
1	"2nd  zen dixie! if you don't read & share, god will kill a baby kitten. i will haunt you w/  redundancies & bad puns."	-1							
1	"ugh had iss today , gonna have it tomorrow too -_- #gay"	-1							
1	up next we'll be joined by sunderland striker louis saha as we continue to build up to #safc v #lfc at the stadium of light tomorrow evening	0							
1	plant city is babysitting nyc palm trees for the winter. crap like this cracks me up!	1							
1	"hi guys, girls working tonight :- passion, alice, harley, sky, stacey, adriana, may, paige and willow. see you soon x"	0							
1	may the giants go down faster then fluke on date night.	-1							
1	i've never sat through an episode of \gossip girl\ which does not inhibit me from calling it \jim henson's bret easton ellis babies\	0							
1	sunday night lounging! jett lounge is the destination! big leo celebration! everybody free all night! pool t	1							
1	"in illinois, schools are closed on casimir pulaski day, the first monday of march. i have no clue who the fuck he is, but w/e."	-1							
1	march 1st is national bieber day ! haterz u mad? stay mad. haterz gon hate. we love the biebs <3	1							
1	simcity delayed it's availability	-1							
1	"exo & b2st fans, do follow  there may be some otps you ship alot there! ^^"	1							
1	crowd singing \3-2 to the referee\utd fans may remember 2 martin atkinson games at the bridge that went against them.torres never a red tho.	0							
1	#esiafrica wescoal signs three year supply agreement with eskom: 10 september 2012 - junior coal mining group we...	0							
1	turns out saturday's match at white hart lane was ramires' 100th for the club. that's a big milestone.	1							
1	"mark martin's the 1st to crack 191 mph, and now leads a mwr 1-2 (bowyer 2nd) and toyota 1-2-3 (kyle 3rd) after 36 cars. #nascar"	1							
1	"correction  marching band is cancelled tomorrow, why in the world wld we think they had common sense to cancel school so early duh!"	-1							
1	happy bday big boss!!!!  happy birthday roman abramovich (24 october 1966) wish you all the best :)) #cfc	1							
1	"just realized i had 400 credits on my acc left, got one pack nothing in it but a free pack with it, di maria 2nd pack :)"	1							
1	babysitting all day tonight... blahhh.. but cant wait for friday!! club pulse baby!!!! whoot whoot!!!!	1							
1	open lobby was fun today... hopefully it'll be cool tomorrow too.	1							
1	happy birthday roman abramovich (24 october 1966) >> keep the blue flag flying high <3	1							
1	can't wait until saturday morning when im at work at 5am unloading the freight and i have maria on my ass behind me with the mop and broom	-1							
1	so proud of the ladies from my family group from kremlin today who placed 3rd at the j-high state cross country meet! so proud of ya ladies!	1							
1	"everythings good thanks mate (arsenal aside), jobs going really well - hope everythings well your end? should be at cobham on sat!"	1							
1	"if the world ends in december, i'mma find justin beiber and castrate him before i die."	-1							
1	runako morton died in a car crash a west indies bats man charity event at the rhum jungle  cottons tomorrow family need support	-1							
1	"jose mourinho: \we want to win the playoff, and if we win tomorrow, that's best\ #halamadrid"	1							
1	and i'll pull out the kentucky derby  picture from 9th grade. #blackmail	-1							
1	"\ march 1st is national bieber day! wooohoooo! :)\ [like it?  """	1							
1	"i may not have been in much but you guys made it the best season ever   maria, and syd i love you guys"	1							
1	happy 4th birthday to mersey! celebrating with a new squeaky ball... my ears are not celebrating.	1							
1	"badly judged joke from herring. joke may not \be about rape\ but reference to rohypnol always evocative of such, no matter the intent."	-1							
1	"aaah, just got silent house in the post!! :d gonna wait to watch it until tomorrow or sunday though!"	1							
1	iguana in the desert. no shade. the sun is high in the sky. he can handle it. don't bet against him.	1							
1	#youtubepolitics this is such bs.i may not make it to watch bill clinton lay one on fluke!	-1							
1	it is official the nasdaq market will be open in wednesday	0							
1	"without carl nicks, bucs to shuffle o-line: some major news out of the tampa bay buccaneers on tuesday afternoon..."	-1							
1	too bad mort zuckerman does not believe in the 1st amendment nydn website evil	-1							
1	well tuesday is a busy tv night state-side. i'm still not done with the latest ep of hart of dixie!	-1							
1	guys! i found it! it was jim henson and frank oz in 1st season of snl doing \the land of gorch\ ...statue was called \the mighty favog\	1							
1	i honestly am 100% burned out with school. i may just end this education journey now. i cant stand this stress anymore.	-1							
1	i miss sunday nights where mob wives came on then stevie tv would. now i gotta put up with this chicago bullshit and no stevietv	-1							
1	let our nov.6 vote be in andrew breitbart's name.  let's show he did not die in vain!   a vote for romney=a vote for andrew	1							
1	'clockwinder-who wouldn't say no'. launch at the commons on tuesday. the biog of the late david taylor is the untold story of a virtuous mp.	0							
1	who wants to party with tay and i saturday night in troy?! ;) for real though.....	1							
1	walking all the way to isat in this weather and seeing a sign on the door saying class is cancelled <<<< but test postponed to thursday >>>	0							
1	5. di java jazz tahun berapa alex dan beno berjumpa for the 1st time? #divortrivia	0							
1	cliff avril says he's feeling fine following the bye. said he thought he would have played had the lions had a game sun.	1							
1	"core 6 athletes 2012 winter banquet december 5th 6:30pm. top prospects and college coaches from the b1g, sec, big 12, mac and mvc. #compete"	0							
1	listening to poetic justice for the 1st time #dontjudgeme	0							
1	bill carter of new york times called. they are working on story about our renewal for tomorrow's paper. charlie skinner is doin' the talking	0							
1	"and its finally here, strawberry festival today 9-5 and tomorrow 10-4, thank you god for the answered prayer of no rain!!"	1							
1	"\hey everyone! my name is courtney, and i used to cheer at cea! i am so blessed to have kept the amazing fri"	1							
1	headed to mcadory high to speak to the football team. get these boys ready so they can straight boom on brookwood tomorrow night #lehgo	1							
1	damn drexel and penn have canceled classes for monday and tuesday due to the hurricane.	-1							
1	premier league team done ready for tomorrow. bit of a risky tactic that might backfire in week 1! now to get ready for nfl ff draft tonight	-1							
1	"7:23 a young savage named suadonte wright was born , i love you baby & may your soul rest<3333 i miss you donnnn !"	1							
1	avb reveals latest plans for january: andre villas-boas says he has sent scouts around the world to see if the t...	0							
1	neon theme! first round monday night at the volleyball game in west liberty! #wakawaka	0							
1	i'm missing vcu's 1st scrimmage against vuu to study for an exam. apparently #havoc is here: 53-13 vcu up in just the 1st qtr. #damn	-1							
1	fan hit flush on the head by harris english wayward drive on 1st. lots of blood #hadtohurt #shoutfore #players	-1							
1	french montana live @ dc star this saturday #labordaywkend s/o   check it out >>	0							
1	"if you're ever having a bad day watch too cute on animal planet. it's all about the 1st few weeks 4 baby animals, mostly puppies & kittens."	1							
1	anyone who talks shit about the lakers tomorrow at school and i will make sure i hit u as hard as i possibly can	-1							
1	just delivered  a speech on iebc preparedness for the march election at icj conference at mombasa continental	0							
1	"crimes against women: khaps, women panel meeting on oct 28: it would be for the first time that haryana khap panchayats and national ..."	0							
1	"martin atkinson is referee tomorrow. if you don't remember, he's the one who \missed\ balotelli's shocking tackle on song."	-1							
1	army wives until i sleep. early and long day tomorrow.	0							
1	east york vs. leaside friday night lights with  and the boys	0							
1	i was going to justin biebers concert tomorrow at dallas . buh the tickets had sold out.  ;'c	-1							
1	"vanessa, emily and i are going to the mall tomorrow. vanessa still needs her outfit too. aha"	0							
1	"#strikeforce results: in an instant mma classic, miesha tate & julie kedzie went to war. tate pulled out the w with sub at (3:28) of the 3rd"	0							
1	#NAME?	0							
1	maino and the mafia love at #infinity tomorrow for #hustlehardwednesdays w/	1							
1	my older brother is going to see tenacious d on sunday and dave grohl is going to be playing the drums there!!!!!!!	1							
1	i'm not sure i'm going to brownsville tomorrow	-1							
1	auction auction auction! ms miesha tate ( will be fighting august 18th on sf! don't you want to feel...	1							
1	silent house may be one of the worst movies ever.	-1							
1	now: \there's only one roger johnson\ to winter wonderland. but now a wed corner...which ends with mattock rifling high into the south bank.	0							
1	west yorkshire police & cps have advised danny care he will not be charged in relation to alleged sexual assault in leeds on march 3.	1							
1	i'm thinking about making august \baby month\ at life's a celebration. with tips and ideas for those expectant and new mums out there.	0							
1	tuesday is cleaning day at shop! and you all thought us indys were all snorting caviar off roman abramovich and that #mythbusting	0							
1	choirs off next friday or the one after that... tryna get a handful of people to go out somewhere for dinner... anyone interested??	0							
1	i rate lee dickson but danny care has to be on the bench sat for the 2nd test 60 mins with tired legs he will be dangerous #rugby #saeng	-1							
1	ranked 2nd in the bcs! which is pretty much first because bama isn't even real. just another great day to be a wildcat.	1							
1	red cross: syria conflict is now a civil war: the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now considers the confli...	0							
1	it will be good for hoop so get ready dec .25 u kno we will c lakers vs heat	1							
1	"gbu pm ready for reply on coal blocks: congress: new delhi, aug 22 (ians) with the bharatiya janata party (bjp)..."	0							
1	well its my favorite 4th doctor story and its written by douglas adams. and if youve ever read the 1st dirk gently book (1of2)	1							
1	ea #e3 news you may have missed: simcity  confirmed for feb 2013 & simcity social for facebook; crysis 3 feb 2013 release <c>	0							
1	see you guys tomorrow at sm sta. rosa! i'll be performing for sm cyberzone grand launch event :)	1							
1	october 22 .. see you @ sm bacolod ! :\>  see you there sweet heart! <3	1							
1	i'm awake! i love the cover of the new tomb raider! can't wait till march 5th!	1							
1	kinda pissed that i just found out that breakout kings got cancelled in may #taptotweet	-1							
1	#nowplaying wrecking ball - aubrey o'day  via  @ it's here!!!!! her 1st solo video	1							
1	"gonna be at sm sta. rosa today 4pm with krissy & october 17 with jasmine curtis, khalil ramos & enrique gil @ moa see youuuu"	1							
1	driving to tennessee tomorrow to see my brother this weekend!! literally just what i need to get the shit in this town out of my mind.	1							
1	french montana live @ dc star this saturday #labordaywkend s/o  check it out >>	0							
1	breakout kings went downhill when they killed the black dude first ep of the 2nd season.	-1							
1	"anybody want 2 tickets to jack white tomorrow at ally pally? stuck in matlock, can't make it. contact me!"	-1							
1	well this may not sound nice but it's true that runako morton would have never trend in twitter in his lifetime :p ..... r.i.p. young man :(	-1							
1	"just to be sure. tomorrow is america day, right? because i don't wanna be the redneck in a sea of gods"	-1							
1	ayup! hope alls okay. we're heading chesters on sat if you guys are free and fancy meeting for some lunch? no probs...	1							
1	"confirmed: ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow, october 19th  #omgdroid"	0							
1	bitch please!!! who'd you call a joke? i bet the only gun you ever held was netanyahu's 11th thumb	-1							
1	good. going to the fair to get an autograph from miesha tate tomorrow.	1							
1	open source misconceptions fading: it web: south africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the wo...  #linux	0							
1	dongwoo gets so scared the whole time. this is like the 5th time he got scared because of the staff that's filming them lol ...	-1							
1	1st is how reduce clout of reliance in the govt's pricing of lpg and other fuels.	0							
1	"numerous treatment innovations presented at the hands on workshop on #venous disease, tomorrow until nov 3 in #cyprus"	0							
1	"revelations is the 2nd worst (1 was the worst) but iii, for mine, is above i just because lots to do + naval battles"	-1							
1	mark martin winning the the no bull million during the coca-cola 600 were the 2nd most compelling set of laps i've yet seen. #nascar #nscs	1							
1	who's all going to the  show tomorrow at rex theatre?	0							
1	"i want <3   november 1 at lucky chinatown - cinema 1 - suddenly it's magic - 1:00pm, 3:30pm, 5:40pm, 7:45pm, 10:00pm"	0							
1	"now that i think about it, the rams looked like gregg williams was their dc last sunday. i know how much the  like williams."	0							
1	"be sure to pick up a ticket for our show at the rex theatre, august 9th, here! ->"	0							
1	check out the amazing world music festival organized for the 7th consecutive year by rialto theatre in limassol!	1							
1	maino thinks i'm really going to this 2 hour tomorrow.. i'm not going! i. don't. give. a. fuck!	-1							
1	"mark your calendars ladies: luke bryan will be at the houston rodeo march 16th, then george the 17th!!"	1							
1	"pops bought red zone for the nfl, all nfl games on sunday. he bought the nba league pass as well."	0							
1	big day out on 10nov  gallery hopping/talks/guided tours & more. my list of must see galleries/events	1							
1	"i went to the marijuana march, but i do not remember what happened there."	0							
1	rhonda rousey is too good! 6 wins in the first round by arm bar. she may not be beaten!	1							
1	henryville residents still waiting for help from the march tornados....more @ 6:30 on 90.1fm.	0							
1	my 4th of july song is 'ito ang gusto ko' by francis m. (best for independence day here in the ph) #galaxyplaytrackoftheday	0							
1	man i'm thinking as hard as a 12 inch dick on a saturday morning that has to pee as bad a race horse at the kentucky derby	-1							
1	don't forget to drop by the barbican centre's conservatory tomorrow for our annual summer reading challenge event! ages 4-11  2-4pm free!	1							
1	"gut decision. sharon van etten > cat power. elicited emotion in me like the 1st moment i heard trespassers william, or casimir pulaski day."	1							
1	lmaoo!  gonna have to fight me now... think ima wear my warriors gear tomorrow just cause... lol	1							
1	we need some sunday magic like his 62 in the final round of the honda classic!	1							
1	idk how i feel about the kandi factory. kinda cheesy? yeah. this was a bad first episode. not good enough to be a sunday night show.	-1							
1	"2nd most dangerous beach in the world  gansbaai, south africa this part of the world is great white territory. a..."	-1							
1	chesters tomorrow for the match with me and shoddy you cool motherfucker?	-1							
1	"alternative news: black triangle sighting in tucson, arizona on october 20th 2012 - red circle with triangle cut..."	0							
1	-.- today is monday.. damn it. i'm gonna miss my rui en's show tonight.	-1							
1	sitting next to reid hoffman's 2nd cousin at  he's a landscape architect to the stars :) #sonotintech	1							
1	i was like shy glizzy bouta be up at dc star saturday and he said nigga no im not	-1							
1	"sunday dinner, mersey side derby and man u chelsea. decent day ahead"	1							
1	"wcc coaches: gonzaga 1st place, by a lot. #byu 2nd, barely. st. mary's 3rd, just behind byu."	0							
1	anyone know where i can buy arolladora tickets? for pico rivera? on the 14th?? wss sold out:(	-1							
1	hey don't forget our show at the rex theatre is sunday! anyone want a ticket contact us!	1							
1	i may have spent 5 minutes watching the poo traverse my sewers as my simcity flushed its loos...	0							
1	3rd in table and look good a great performance today. lets drag that to the mackems on tuesday! #utb	1							
1	don't forget that the amazing georgie fame is bringing his smooth style rhythm & blues and his famous hammond organ to  14 nov	1							
1	"leo,virgo?! club pulse is the move this thursday! leos & virgos are free before 12! also co-hosted by #evalesco! evalesco will be there!!!!"	1							
1	"haggins flipped by hoya linebacker, but he gets the 1st down!  1st and goal at the 5!"	0							
1	i'm just going to wrap myself in the jamaican flag for america day tomorrow	0							
1	pushing myself like no tomorrow to study for just a little more - not feeling good about tomorrow's physics exam though. #4days	-1							
1	"next sat's kids' club film is the lorax with more fun 'n' free activities before the film from 10:30am, film 11:15"	1							
1	"not cool having miesha tate, the former bantam weight champ on the under card. c'mon #strikeforce treat her better. #rouseykaufman"	-1							
1	"psn tuesday: assassin's creed 3, okami hd: you can buy all the assassin's creed you can handle on psn today. both..."	0							
1	shocking! warriors may actually have the best coaching staff in the pacific division. #gsw #nba #lakers #clippers #suns #kings	1							
1	going to see the mighty watford play spurs tomorrow	1							
1	"brand new updated logo, edited by david taylor the new executive producer of roc-tv. first introduction video will be up tomorrow!"	0							
1	cav ! see you tomorrow sa sm sta.rosa !! :**	1							
1	#tolonews tolonews 08 october  2012: top news in this bulletin: the international committee of the ...  #afghanistan	0							
1	i miss you jennn! are you gonna be at the brookwood game tomorrow?	1							
1	"\danny care card. to stand a chance of winning, tell us which football club he was at as a youngster\ = sheffield wednesday"	0							
1	ivanovic reaches kremlin quarters: ana ivanovic advanced to the quarter-finals of the kremlin cup on thursday by...	0							
1	would love to! flying out to van on the 14th and working in whistler! will defo head over to banff tho!! #canada	1							
1	"make sure that you're decked out in your red, white, and blue tomorrow for america day!  let's make this homecoming week great.  #merica"	1							
1	david ruffin trending... i'm guessing the temptations movie is on tv? they're actually the reason i got into music in 5th grade :].	0							
1	okinawa concert is going to air on 1 nov. hope someone will record it. i would love to see seunggi & shinhye :)	1							
1	also excited to see simcity and bf3 armored kill during the  conference tomorrow	1							
1	kenot. same night. am doing java jazz for sure. can always catch the foos some other time. the jazz greats? not likely.	0							
1	i like this outfit so much i want to wear it tomorrow instead of dressing up for america day.	1							
1	we hit  with march fourth marching band next saturday! scoop up tickets while they are still available:	0							
1	a 5th grader just told me she got iss today when i asked her why he told me that she told her teacher that she had a big butt...	-1							
1	"i expect to see danny care, james haskell involved in the 2nd test."	0							
1	i really don't want to go to iss tomorrow... -_-	-1							
1	"a red carpet for radicals at the white house  by steve emerson and john rossomando ipt news october 21, 2012 a..."	0							
1	got a suggestion for a gk tomorrow that doesn't cost over 5.6 ?!!. i want to replace krul.	0							
1	bharatiya janata party (bjp) national vice-president gopinath munde on sunday refuted rumours that he was going to join the congress.	-1							
1	looking forward to going to carrow road with my brother tonight #coys (he must've forgiven me for my behaviour at white hart lane in april)	1							
1	i'm loving all the bond films on sky anytime. i'm on my 4th of the day	1							
1	can't sleep...watching stevie tv for the 4th time tonight	-1							
1	will the nyse and nasdaq be open tomorrow	0							
1	"late friday meet was just to clear air, says bjp a day later: sources said the rumour about gadkari quitting might have started...  #news"	0							
1	rush limbaugh rbi big krit halo 4 #sometimesyouhaveto is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0							
1	i just peed myself: anthropologie to open knoxville store	1							
1	diana: a celebration ends june 10th at the  make sure to see the collection before it leaves!	0							
1	clocking that marshal in the head with his opening tee shot clearly rattled harris english. took him 2 holes to drop from 4th to t26.	0							
1	"pm ready for reply on coal blocks: congress: new delhi, aug 22 (ians) with the bharatiya janata party (bjp)..."	1							
1	who wants to to a knoxville ice bears hockey game with me november 9? #yaknowyawanna	1							
1	tomorrow is the big day! discount prices on botox and juvederm! call and make an appointment!  #botox #juvederm #madison	1							
1	i'm sitting home on a saturday night watching silent house with my parents. #looooser xp	-1							
1	"red band end of watch trailer arrives: gyllenhaal and pena vs. the world back in early may, the green band theat..."	0							
1	"i forgot gg was released on psn today. i'll get it tomorrow, one more day of missing 10+ years of competition won't kill me."	0							
1	"come to the club monday night! hope to see you there! open mic night 6:30 - 9 pm at iguana located at 240 w 54 st, nyc"	1							
1	exciting game fri nite wildcat football...not ur fault it was not a win...mayb this wk...go cats	1							
1	if it makes you feel any better cbc national is doing a feature on the kinder morgan pipeline wednesday night. #defendourcoast	0							
1	"just claimed a sandwich after the employee explicitly called out, \cheese trifecta for demetria!\ not my name or my order so happy tues guys"	1							
1	"listening to the album right now , for the 20th time lol , i'm on poetic justice now"	1							
1	hi there dj janice.. can you play \cold summer nights by francis m.\ in way back wed.? this is for you starlight.. :)	1							
1	"new favorite below the cherry moon (from coming album, brighter, out march 5th 2012) by whomadewho  on #soundcloud"	1							
1	"we are in search for trade sales manager in muscat, oman. if interested you may apply @"	0							
1	i recommend going to see behind the mask at laguna hills mall on the 30th :)	1							
1	writer #motivation: dr. seuss's 1st book was rejected by 43 publishers before it was accepted by the vanguard press. don't give up	-1							
1	i missed it :(( qt  i have got to remind myself to watch stevie tv every sunday. i was dying.	-1							
1	at irving plaza nyc july 21. chexk out the poster:	0							
1	"silent house may be full of stupid choices that might make you stop caring, but it's highly effective at building..."	-1							
1	"harris english, a #pgatour rookie, playing in his first  started his saturday by plunking a marshal on the head #ouch"	-1							
1	express front line with kamran shahid \international day of #women\ 05 march 2012 #pakistan #mqm #womenpk	0							
1	"world music festival rocks city saturday: maria muldaur headlines the day-long event, which bring french g...  #jazz"	0							
1	happy friday everyone. it is 07.48 in south africa. a great day to all and enjoy a super weekend :)	1							
1	sat here on my birthday listening to  - would be great to get a shout out from you guys - dave grohl = legend!!!	1							
1	marvel's phase two kicks off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd  #featured #hype #movienews	0							
1	"creighton vb wins, 15-8 in the 5th set. jays now 9-1 (1-0 in mvc) and have huge match vs. wichita state at 6 pm tomorrow."	0							
1	huge business trip for the team. match in philly tomorrow at 7 against drexel	0							
1	watching friday after next on vh1 sucks... every other damn word is bleeped out. we all know what it really says. just let it be. damn	-1							
1	another day of iss tomorrow. it won't even that bad.	1							
1	shaq morris narrowed his list to wichita state and oral roberts. he said he will likely make a final decision monday. #shockers #mvc	0							
1	directioners! little things video will be out at 8pm uk time tomorrow. which means it will be 1:30am in india :) i'll be travelling! :'(	1							
1	"during nap time i will: watch the end of hart of dixie, set up activity corner for tomorrow, & study more genetics stuff. #hotdiggitydog"	0							
1	edsall gotta play the gregg williams tapes in the locker room before the game tomorrow.	0							
1	ying wants to know if you still desire her competition readers? she can bring them in tomorrow if so.	0							
1	tampa bay buccaneers vs oakland raiders odds: find out why each team will cover the spread on sunday.	0							
1	i wish i have the ability to influence everyone to like rui en hahaa c'mon she's so cute	1							
1	trill young savage finna walk around the crib naked tomorrow tho. best believe!	1							
1	i may have just splurged on this: 'firefly: a celebration (anniversary edition)' by joss whedon... #dontjudgeme	0							
1	just found out that justin beiber is going to be in nyc when you are on long island december 7! i know emma is a fan! :)	1							
1	"yoo, i got no school tomorrow, so after work i can get on psn if you'll be on."	0							
1	its been 2 days since i last listened to #superscoreboard & i come back tonight & rangers debts is the 1st subject i hear. change the record	-1							
1	new shepard fairey print: \oh susannah\ will be released october 18th via  .  check it out!	0							
1	siapa duduk putrajaya and can pick me up at the airport this friday? kite belanje minyak masak!	0							
1	"looks like my return flight is scheduled for november 9, of course it's subject to change. at least i'm stranded in jerusalem, what a city!"	1							
1	"\ this just in: rui en joins elvin ng & co. in clif2, scheduled to air 18 feb 12. surprise?\"	0							
1	nba league pass till the 6th	0							
1	drexel classes are cancelled monday and tuesday..now i just need work to be cancelled..	-1							
1	thinking about going to henryville tomorrow it's been7 months since the tornado destroyed it. it's my home town i will take pictures	0							
1	"remember people, rui en's #poeticjustice will debut on 11 sept 12. see you again in 1 month's time! ;)"	1							
1	"even though we just play troy this saturday, i still can't wait to watch tennessee play! #truevolfan #gobigorange"	1							
1	"whoever it is done pissed ying and yang off for the day, i just pray they make up by friday"	-1							
1	#logansport school board members got a preview of the district's istep scores monday night:	0							
1	"omfg, tomorrow at 9 am i'm going to order tickets for 1d on oslo the 7th of may!!!! :d"	1							
1	"\unforgivable\ by christina grimmie..not quite feeling it yet. then again, i wasn't \quite feeling\ safe & sound til i heared it a 2nd time!"	-1							
1	gay. i know next saturday i might go to the one in knoxville	0							
1	awesome show today with jimmy bryson. tomorrow though we have trent anderson and rhonda rousey also more reo tickets to giveaway. #listenup	1							
1	pic: jose mourinho with sun mingming (chinese basket ball player & one of the tallest men on earth.)	0							
1	hey there david taylor. nice to have you along sir. how is your friday? #mushroomfm	1							
1	"brief-kinder morgan shares off 3 percent after the bell: new york, oct 11 (reuters) - kinder morgan inc :  * sha..."	0							
1	">> directioners!! now we have to prove that we are a big family!!   on friday, the movie to be released song..."	1							
1	tomorrow!!!!  will be playing at the strawberry festival in watsonville from 11am - 12pm! come out and support ftd!!	1							
1	my july 18 buy recommendation for hf with a tp of kes20	0							
1	monday is a moon day!  enjoy a sleep-in tomorrow & a little extra rest.  come to the workshop with harmony lichty...	1							
1	"you staying up for monday's game. don't fancy our chances with krul, colo and tiote missing"	-1							
1	why sit at home monday night when you can come to young life?! tomorrow @ 7:27! #westsalemyounglife	0							
1	ward 2 may have two members on the dc state board of education	0							
1	"wellllll friday imma be with aj. sat imma be with my girls to shop, get nails done && eyebrows. you coming?"	0							
1	i'm so excited for the magic game this friday. we play denver so don't un-follow me	1							
1	and please little things vh1 premire only on or after sat. coz where i'am right doesnt show up vh1 on the tv! :( please sat.	-1							
1	world briefing | africa: mali: red cross prepares food aid: the international committee of the red cross said monday that it had star...	0							
1	"...next friday, ia! can you tell me what's going on with vcu's intermsa? how many isa members are going (if any at all?)"	0							
1	courtney!! do you know if that emotion scrapbook thing for health is due tomorrow?	0							
1	guy sat opposite me on the train is the spit of dave grohl	0							
1	#dubaisaturday will be #collegefever nov 3rd. free be4 12 with college id	0							
1	"phew, i'm still on edge after the wenger out stuff! you going to sjp tomorrow?"	0							
1	"fca tomorrow at 7:30 in the band room!!! breakfast and fellowship, don't wanna miss it!!! come!! :)"	1							
1	"hello sweetie, hope your enjoying your hols. found you on here through e l james, i'm half way through 2nd bk after 4days!x"	1							
1	"may 5. badhabitz heads to chesters in appleton, wi to rock the house. don't miss this show!"	1							
1	"#ufo & #aliens black triangle sighting in pompano beach, florida on october 28th 2012 - basically it blended wit..."	0							
1	"look for monday's edition of the record for full package of stories, photos and more about friday's plane crash"	0							
1	i once turned down a performance (david ruffin style) due to the venue serving \pork sliders\....like c'mon bro	-1							
1	"wow i just noticed that dongwoo and eunkwang share the same birth date, 22 november 1990. omgyu ma awesome biasseu ~"	1							
1	thanks brother. honestly speaking saw you 1st time with kamran shahid and felt that ik has made so many ik's like u. keep gng	1							
1	i can go to the hf game tomorrow. go	1							
1	per nc state: lorenzo brown will have exploratory surgery on his right knee tuesday to pinpoint the source of the discomfort in his knee.	0							
1	"frustration for kobayashi, perez in india: reaction from sauber, caterham, marussia and hrt after the indian grand prix on sunday."	-1							
1	yes!! allowed to go to the  concert in oslo in may!! :d now all i need is to get those tickets...	1							
1	went to the strawberry festival with my babe earlier today and now being lazy. maybe a dinner date tonight to top off this perfect sunday :)	1							
1	"mizzou links, 9-5-12: holy smokes, it's wednesday already? i haven't even posted bill carter's sela photo gallery..."	-1							
1	more nba tomorrow.. free nba league pass till the 6th.. what did i do to deserve this (rozay voice)	0							
1	ugh i finally got time to watch b2st's 3rd anniversary with eng sub and oh my god i love them i just can't these dorks ksghskjfghksfjgsg	1							
1	only sofia andres will go here on sunday at sm bacolod. . 5pm. . are you going ? ;) -t	1							
1	ze:a's dong jun and b2st's dongwoon have been cast for the role of frank in musical \catch me if you can\ which will be their musical debut.	0							
1	lorenzo brown over taylor any day of the week. 6'5 with just as good if not better skill set	1							
1	i got to piss like a russian race horse in the kentucky derby with a glue trust stuck ahead of him and he in 4th place	-1							
1	"iebc is ready for 4th march elections, the electoral body should not be used as an excuse to delay polls says chairman."	-1							
1	hey pamela! off to oslo tomorrow then canada after that! we will get that drink one day!	1							
1	did ms zepp say she wanted us to bring in those dixie cups tomorrow	0							
1	"#news playstation network maintenance on october 15: services going offline, possibly to make way for the new ps..."	0							
1	show in troy tomorrow come and see me say you saw the facebook post and get 10% off your purchase.  3179...	0							
1	striker louis saha signs a one-year deal at sunderland and could make his debut at arsenal on saturday.	0							
1	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm!! #fvsu rrtt	0							
1	igor sechin: rosneft's kremlin hard man comes out of the shadows | business |	0							
1	"instead of watching lorax pregame, try friday night lights. tim mcgraw can beat the fumble out of you"	-1							
1	"ffs...glad i don't read the sun, lol..great minds and all that...haha ps: he has a point tho. sky is the limit #hh"	1							
1	"good morning!!  the sun is brightly shining in east york, it's going to be a great day!"	1							
1	realising the brighton game is on sky tomorrow has made my day #bhafc #misstheamex	1							
1	"1st and 10, ball on the wsh 34-yd line. griffin back to pass, looks, moves around-here comes justin tuck and down goes rg3 :/"	-1							
1	dstv dumps vh1 from 13 november and replaces it with the vh1 classic channel. something tells me (cont)	0							
1	"for the adorable and loveable man, song joongki, happy 27th birthday!"	1							
1	i just cried over a dead badger named shreddie on animal planet. another tough friday night.	-1							
1	has worn the same two shirts during the 3rd and 4th rounds of the  that he wore during the honda classic	0							
1	idc im still gettin payback...a week it is..startin tomorrow	0							
1	3rd floor isat on the roof you'll see it when you walk up the stairs its on the right	0							
1	another saturday at the office! leaving soon though    it's cold in here! (@ kinder morgan (former el paso corp.))	0							
1	after  call i foresee the jackals lining up for studio visits on thursday's.	0							
1	isat's tomorrow. make it or break it for north georgia. getting a good nights sleep tonight.	1							
1	"my 1st tweet ever was 2 andrew breitbart.asked him to make fun of michael erik dyson 4 his pretentious profile pic. he did,it was awesome."	1							
1	oxygen & vh1 get the most ratings on monday nights. . . lol we aint playing no games i cant wait till tonight	1							
1	yesterday i asked maria where the candy was and sshes like ill get it tomorrow when all the candy is on sale #ghetto #candy	0							
1	dmv i will be performing live @ dc star this saturday w/ big and the band shout to sunshine + bennyt	1							
1	don't forget fca won't meet tomorrow morning. we will just meet after the football game on the field with sahs fca. #dontmissit #freepizza	1							
1	"i agree with you re: tomb raider box art. may be an encouraging sign? too early to tell. but still, classy."	1							
1	prolly go too the vcu game next friday.	0							
1	87-85 sounds like the 3rd quarter score between warriors and suns not the final.	0							
1	"it's all about reptiles this saturday, november 3rd!  meet animal planet's gator boys, enjoy live venomous..."	1							
1	"me: ma? ma: yes, love bug. me: wyd? ma: grilling with shanney and april. me: at 10:30? -___- at night. in memphis.while i'm in knoxville.."	0							
1	costa concordia accident: ship's owners say the captain may have committed errors   - breaking news buzz	-1							
1	feet first has #princetontec headlamps! hope to so you all at the young life 5k saturday.	1							
1	"world music festival rocks city saturday: the next day, she hit alameda to poster the in the days leading up to ..."	0							
1	"will do, also i can't wait to see the simcity team on tuesday"	1							
1	"is anybody going to the strawberry festival, in leicestershire... i will be painting there live on the friday and saturday"	1							
1	~on istep i passed math but not english o well i am going to the 9th grade wooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh	1							
1	"nine goa congress legislators want to join us: bjp: panaji, oct 31 (ians) goa's ruling bharatiya janata party (b..."	0							
1	"in my david ruffin voice \oh it's sunday? well, i guess i ain't gon be there then.\"	-1							
1	intro to fast pitch pitching lessons at spc. we have a spot available in our wednesday class from 5-6 pm the cost...	0							
1	ladies will have a free day tomorrow. hope they enjoy rest of their time in okinawa. #miss2012	1							
1	"finally saw the stevie tv promo! i am so proud of you,  (march 4th, vh1)"	1							
1	"missing saturday morning #epl fever. gonna miss it for another year at least! i blame the board, roger johnson and the hapless defence #wwfc"	-1							
1	happy birthday wilt chamberlain may you rest in peace	1							
1	my suicide note would be the picture of mark martin that i kept in my wallet in 7th grade.	-1							
1	of course i'm not home when my team in town  :/ \ knicks vs celtics preseason game in albany this saturday....who going??\	-1							
1	"amazing that derrick, on his 28th birthday, gets called up from the d league to an incredible franchise like the san antonio spurs."	1							
1	if plant city didn't have a staples i don't know what i would do with my friday nights.	-1							
1	today - is the annual marijuana march in toronto! happy weed march everyone in toronto and of course all...	1							
1	or do you want to wait for tomorrow so vanessa can hang too?	0							
1	some big bangs fans has been spending the nights at stadium merdeka since yesterday... yesterday...... and the concert's tomorrow...........	0							
1	tennessee game saturday with  :)	0							
1	anyone going for all saints day mass tomorrow at hf ?	0							
1	question time comes from london tomorrow night wth jerry springer and david miliband amongst those on the panel:	0							
1	"it's national bieber day, he's 18. i love  i just wanna say #happybirthdaymykidrauhl follow me on your birthday's #believe #2"	1							
1	"yes, it is us: \ black triangle sighting in olmsted falls, ohio on october 12th 2012 - triangular sape...  \ #aliens"	1							
1	i just had a fantastic meal at the lovely vanessa's house! <3 then off to the middle of nowhere aka new hampshire tomorrow!	1							
1	"\diana: a celebration\ is officially open to the public! our hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. today, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. tomorrow."	1							
1	from this performance it is obvious why david miliband comes up 1st when you google miliband! #onetowatch	0							
1	i'll be going to putrajaya n serdang on 21st of november. for 12 days.	0							
1	"psn tuesday: assassin's creed 3, okami hd:  you can buy all the assassin's creed you can handle on psn tod...  _ _!)"	0							
1	"well, on the bright side, you may end up with the 5dmk iii with a discount."	1							
1	happy friday! we do believe in magic? what about you?	1							
1	"silent house was ass, when a stranger calls was ass, the woman in black was ass and friday the 13th is also ass"	-1							
1	who's going the homecoming game friday ? brookwood vs central ^_^	0							
1	panasonic eluga getting ice cream sandwich update:  panasonic may have all but pulled out of the european smartp...	0							
1	"yeah i'm like, 20 minutes from west liberty. text me the name of the stadium tomorrow. i'll put it in my gps."	0							
1	steve emerson on sun explains the riots and real motives	0							
1	"so cycle fan tweeps,who is going to win the mens race tomorrow then? i reckon phillip gilbert or tom boonen (swoon!)"	1							
1	watching the kandi factory with viggle mon | 3:30pm | bravo hd  get real rewards just for watching tv. #thekandifactory #viggle	1							
1	see you on monday!!! sm bacolod!!! woooohhhh	1							
1	fuck w/ the pack at jett lounge on friday if u off...u know i got ya	-1							
1	joaquim rodriquez may have missed out on the pink jersey but he is top of rankings by over 700 points from tom boonen #procycling	1							
1	"whatever plans you may have with your family, have a beautiful weekend, ying! #ff"	1							
1	roger johnson looked good on tuesday. looks like he wants to play for us now. hopefully he'll show why we paid the money for him! #wwfc	1							
1	"battlefield 3, open lobby, 'rats clan' xbox live server, sunday 9:30pm gmt.  ...bring the rain."	0							
1	\ dmv i will be performing live @ dc star this saturday w/ big and the band shout to sunshine + bennyt\	0							
1	"don't forget tomorrow's girls night w/tia & tamera 9e/6p, girlfriend confidential:l.a. 10e/p & chelsea lately with kristin chenoweth 11e/8p"	0							
1	:'( dk why but the 3rd hospital file not working for me. gotta try download from hf instead	-1							
1	decent that bruv n i'm looking the espanyol game in jan the 5th or 6th ..	0							
1	"mark martin by far the most unluckiest nascar driver of all time, 2nd 5 times in points & the heartbreaking 07 daytona 500."	-1							
1	-saturday night be at the barack shrine in monroe ! #teamlcf gone be in full affect ! #gsu #jsu #ull #ulm #latech #letzgetit	1							
1	haha just like me.! we both got sent to iss on a friday	1							
1	friday night lights:   west liberty 21 mediapolis 56  pulling for you comets!	1							
1	"liked the noesen/rakell/wilson line tonight, although they faded a bit in 2nd half. connor carrick (wsh) and garret meurs (col) good too."	1							
1	"i love you maria :* you have to text me tomorrow i have to tell you something, you might pee your pants , just a warning xoxox"	1							
1	"notions that the gap between the rich and poor in south africa is widening is a farce, sa president jacob zuma said on thursday."	0							
1	remember when i sat through that horrible show \breakout kings\ just because t-bag? #worthit	-1							
1	ps sat by roger johnson in restaurant and looks like he's upped his drug abuse to crack judging by the look of him #wwfc #dohertyindisguise	-1							
1	before he was \dr. seuss\ theodor seuss geisel was an ad guy:  what was your 1st job?  #myfirstjob	0							
1	oii  make martin atkinson referee for #cfc vs #mufc clash on 28th. thanks <3	1							
1	"i'm at a sweet 17th party now, n saw someone that looks like song joongki. omo! too bad, he's younger than me, ahahah."	-1							
1	and rhonda rousey has officially won by armbar..for the 6th time. 6-0.	1							
1	irving plaza nyc blackout saturday night. got limited spots left on the guest list. tweet me why you think you deserve them	0							
1	"looks like its going to be an interesting 4th    end 3: brandon 14, plant city 12"	1							
1	"kurt may have been drugged again with rohypnol, possibly in the root beer can found at the scene. after he was incapacitated, the murderer"	-1							
1	"i really do love cous cous but boy it goes bloody everywhere. i blame clarkson, hammond and may for the distraction."	1							
1	"despite rumors that sandy will close down  kremlin, & houses of parliment, it appears we'll still have classes tomorrow. sigh."	0							
1	"anyone going to the romney rally in fairfax on monday?? really wanna go, but no car. help!?"	-1							
1	caraway wins by sub in the 3rd but i still think rhonda rousey could beat him. #gfyh #thaoshow	1							
1	tottenham v wigan: match preview::  tottenham and wigan are set to meet at white hart lane this saturday as the ...	0							
1	ole miss band is fired up for rousing verion of dixie next tuesday night-wanna sing it rachel?	0							
1	making a spotify list of albums you mention in your  piece.  cherry moon stk or sign 'o the times prince's 7th album?	0							
1	so pumped for no school tomorrow and sleeping in and even more excited for the hooch tennessee here i come!!	1							
1	kathy walsh has kentucky derby winning jockey mario gutierrez in the irons on thursday october 11th when duke...	0							
1	"more primary filing mess, timmonsville is at it again, and more 7th congressional interviews. thank god it is friday! #flosc"	1							
1	just heard my bud  rode with tom boonen  yesterday. #tourofcalifornia goes off sunday	1							
1	i loved the episode!!! can;t wait until hart of dixie returns november 13th!!	1							
1	nba league pass is free until the 7th !!!	0							
1	"when douglas adams wrote restaurant at the end of the universe, he may have had japan in mind. #hhgttg"	0							
1	andrew breitbart's 1st site was big hollywood. he risked every penny he had to promote right-of-center artists willing to help themselves.	1							
1	i'm gonna dress up as the burger king man to make courtney happy on friday :) lol #soserious	1							
1	"what's are the odds timmonsville's town council has a meeting today? haven't met since tuesday, so they are overdue. #tville"	-1							
1	"there's still time to get your tickets to the indie designer fashion show this saturday confirmed guest erica mena of love & hip hop, maino,"	0							
1	i just saw the breaking dawn part 2 trailer and me and courtney are definitely going to see that shit november 16. 100%	1							
1	who else thinks that the 'little things' video that premieres november 2nd is gonna beat justin biebers record?	0							
1	cant wait to go to the bulls game saturday! weeee my first game of the season and papa got me some killer seats!	1							
1	"this saturday it's time for some classics in cherry moon. remember tracks like g-mode, sacred grounds,... ? me..."	0							
1	"interview w arnie on dinner in mexico with wilt chamberlain and andre the giant-mighty collection of fools, but admit you'd love to the 4th!"	1							
1	"temple, drexel, penn, ny sd, state of nj - closed for monday and tuesday. philly sd? still thinking about it. #thatmakessense #noitdoesnt"	-1							
1	"i put it on my laptop a while back, i thought it may be a little boring, but it's surprisingly not, plus it's hosted by hammond;)"	1							
1	phinsider week 8 picks: thursday night football continues tonight with the tampa bay buccaneers facing the minne...	0							
1	spc places parts of central & eastern nc in the \slight risk\ category for strong to severe storms with possible damaging winds on thursday.	0							
1	what's the odds of waking up in shotton on a sunday morning in a gypsys caravan? mad night!!!!	1							
1	"my 1st pd tchr a newbie, let me see if i can skip the iss room & go straight to class"	0							
1	"\ jesus died for you, knowing you might never love him back. that is true love.\ try wed night game at sjp in jan true love"	1							
1	come tomorrow? or do you have east york?	0							
1	henryville vs. charlestown volleyball game tuesday!! who's going?! #athenryville #gonnahaveadj #cancernight	0							
1	"how much is retro city rampage? on the playstation network, i need to know since im purchasing a psn card tomorrow and need to know"	0							
1	dongwoo had a stash of bubblewrap in his bedroom & stopped gyu from throwing it out coz he 'wasn't done popping it yet'? lmao! new 2nd bias!	0							
1	apparently some dude called shepard fairey has a show on 2night? drop by blackall studio 1st if you missed the #imaginaryfriends show launch	0							
1	nitin gadkari cans himachal poll campaign: sources close to gadkari said late monday night that the cancellation...	0							
1	you may as well write \ooooh look i got some free stuff\ dixie your such a ponce!	1							
1	espanyol vs barcelona on 27 september - 15 mins with barca scoring a pen in the last minute to win	1							
1	"carlos cuellar, louis saha, adam johnson and steven fletcher? they may have had the best summer besides chelsea."	1							
1	nasdaq follows new york stock exchange by announcing it will reopen tomorrow after superstorm #sandy kept them closed for two days	0							
1	kristin chenoweth says she is glad to be in bethlehem for saturday performance	1							
1	"unobscured, the sun will shine again! stand in your anointment - this too shall pass! see trailer & where to buy book"	1							
1	"fluke's famous for something said about here, not anything she did. weird they had her scheduled to speak in the 1st place."	1							
1	monarchs ii 2 v 1 madras goals from  and capt. teare in the 2nd half gave the second team another great win #midland #hockey #fig	1							
1	got a vibe that the mvc is going to be happy with ncaa pairings tomorrow. 3 will get in and i'm starting to think wichita st will be # 4.	1							
1	ok dongwoo's fansite is not accepting new members right now...need to register on the 11th	-1							
1	everyone in isat needs a lesson in dressing professional. i'm skipping the walk down the hallway tomorrow. i'm embarrassed for you.	-1							
1	timmonsville with a 26 yd throw. 1st down on the 1 yard line. trying to even the score	0							
1	lovely meal with the fam #yumyum day four at #openchampionship tomorrow come on harris english	1							
1	lmao i sat here for five minutes like what the fuck did i do to courtney???? ha damn........ -__-	-1							
1	"tomorrow is definitely gonna be a calm, casimir pulaski day #greatkickoff #goodnight"	1							
1	\champions league is in mourinho's blood\: paulo sousa thinks jose mourinho may consider his time at real madrid a failure if he does...	0							
1	"we are in search for card section manager in muscat, oman. if interested you may apply @"	0							
1	please join lpg and good start genetics for a legal town hall cocktail reception monday @ 7 pm at the marriott marquis mission hills room.	0							
1	"i will hit up saks 5th and buy one item, idc how much it is. i deserve it ^_^"	1							
1	just realized that i'm applying to the education program tomorrow. where has the time gone?	0							
1	see you tomorrow at sm bacolod :)	1							
1	do remember this saturday 10/27 tho.. it's a celebration. we just tryna have a good time.  beed	1							
1	tampa bay buccaneers: game-by-game predictions for 2nd half of the season - bleacher report	0							
1	"i'm going to sob if the kremlin don't play it on friday, even if it is 90s night."	-1							
1	"oppa you may have ur style like hoya oppa.dun worry,even now,you have a lot of fans , like me !!"	1							
1	espanyol face a tricky trip to real betis on saturday evening as they go in search of their 1st win of the new campaign	0							
1	"maniaci on casimir pulaski day (march 1, 2004): \some people call it a holiday.\ judge: \i call it a holiday.\ #drewpeterson"	0							
1	i really want  to tweet me since i bought 4 tickets to his concert october 9th irving plaza nyc	1							
1	found the limited edition of midnight sun. but since b2st's oppars are going to work on a new album. i'm not going to buy the 5th mini album	0							
1	"i have physics revision for tomorrow but merr, i'm going to fail anyway"	-1							
1	"ooshma garg started her 2nd successful company, gobble. watch how she got to one of her biggest investors--reid hoffman"	1							
1	netanyahu's new alliance with lieberman may  not mean an automatic win in the election.	-1							
1	almost forgot about vcu's open house this saturday!	0							
1	"if you missed it, secret rebel base celebrate may 4th by celebrating ralph mcquarrie:  #starwars #may4thbewithyou"	1							
1	dtn bangladesh: bpl issues to be decided nov 1: bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the bangl...	0							
1	\ moily's got amazing timing--hiking lpg price just before himachal polls on sunday. guaranteed vote loser\ even they fed up	-1							
1	"from satellite images, it appears that muscat may get some thundershowers tonight"	0							
1	"join us in shops at 9am tomorrow to hear tom segal, #pricewise of the racing post preview every race at glorious #goodwood. #horseracing"	1							
1	"c'mon rebels, put an apple in the pigs mouth!!!   red wolves fans focus all of your hate & anger at the pigs tomorrow."	-1							
1	"job report to be released on friday by the kremlin, aka, bureau of labor statistics. get your conspiracy theories ready!!!"	0							
1	happy wednesday!!glad to see iebc blow the first whistle with voting zone list !mps protest!	1							
1	do not be afraid to be saints. be open to the lord so that he may lighten all your ways. [bl. pope john paul ii	1							
1	tccic ;* good night ;) see you on monday at sm bacolod ;>	1							
1	oh yeah! will be the first one to get it on the 4th from psn!	1							
1	"dear haloween, i would care, but alas i have to pack to go help #teamgobama in fairfax, virginia tomorrow for the final push."	0							
1	watching kandi factory... dam i could have made the show can't none of them sang! lol	-1							
1	"danny care and james haskell recalled to the england side for the third test against south africa on saturday,"	0							
1	\those costumes are for purim. and purim's in march!\  schmidt nails the jewish quotes every time.	0							
1	ur bank? think maria may have something to say about that lol	0							
1	"wichita st. with 3 errors in 2 innings. i imagine veteran coach gene stephenson is boiling in the dugout. msu lead 6-0, bottom 2nd."	-1							
1	leo or virgo?! club pulse is the move this thursday! leos & virgos are free before 12! also co-hosted by #evalesco! evalesco will be there!	0							
1	we can't possibly say enough good things about both march fourth marching band and moon hooch linking up for...	1							
1	"feel sorry for anyone going to the justin beiber concert tomorrow, they're missing out on one of the best games of the night"	-1							
1	"tomorrow is the big day, see you at #bna"	1							
1	sufjan steven's song casimir pulaski day may be one of the greatest songs ever made.	1							
1	leo season we still at it!!!! jett lounge this sunday !!!!	1							
1	lol. so haryana has a day off tomorrow because it's \haryana day\.	1							
1	dude i miss you! ahaha physics was fun.. especially when all of us sat in thee bck	1							
1	super excited for homecoming saturday with monroe! :d my new nephew is here but i can't see him :(	1							
1	coming to dc: open acting workshop with tom todoroff on nov 14th #constantcontact	0							
1	"ualr fights off 3 match point by asu to win 27-25. we are going 5. asu 1-0 while ualr 5-4. 5th time is sbc play for ualr, 1st for red wolves"	1							
1	"wichita st. with fundamental breakdowns in 8th. hall singles, harbutz fails to bunt him over. hall picked off. coy whiffs. siu lead is 4-3"	-1							
1	chasing madoff.. but the beginning credit sequence says it has an art director and the music implies batman may show up.	0							
1	"the wizards summer league team has their last 3 1st rd picks, including the 6th overall last yr & 3rd this yr. theyre losing to the d league"	-1							
1	"istrategies ~ playstation network maintenance monday - if you're looking to play psn games this upcoming monday, you..."	0							
1	"i heard may queen is good, nice guy but has song joongki in it ^^~ i have no interested in drama these days unnie =.="	-1							
1	occupy unmasked with andrew breitbart - citizens united productions  via  & cheery monday!* lol or no???	1							
1	"when eraserheads, francis m. and rivermaya are in the same stage | the apr blog  via"	0							
1	totally going to the marijuana march in dt cleve brb. #not	-1							
1	r.i.p runako morton. sad day for west indies cricket.	-1							
1	it is a bit crappy but looking better for the weekend - sjp says cold but sunny for saturday's trekking :-)	1							
1	i gotta pee like a russian race horse at the kentucky derby on saturday with a truck behind it	-1							
1	60 mile cycle ride today. been sat on that seat for so long my arse feels like its been spiked with rohypnol by a redneck #ouch	-1							
1	stevie tv if you think you can make $200-400 a day on twitter. make it happen  407.476.7302 ref# ?=nhb6	0							
1	"2ne1 rocks okinawa with stylish airport fashion: on 2012 october 28th,"	1							
1	"happy birthday to my good friend, min. william d. carter, iii ( )!!! may god bless you today and always."	1							
1	"iranian fm ali-akbar salehi said sunday, that iran is ready for the worst case scenario   - breaking news buzz"	0							
1	taken 2 comes out friday and the afghans will have it saturday guaranteed	0							
1	"just sent the #ffc unibet preview for tomorrow through and, by the way, louis saha's genuinely two-footed."	1							
1	and they are praying towards the sun as it sets while they are in jerusalem! so technically incorrect!	-1							
1	"tomorrow is casimir pulaski day, and we have school. im asking mr.otool why tomorrow! wanna join me?"	0							
1	new poster for our  gig at st david's hall in april with ruthie henshall and	0							
1	mourinho happy with cup win: jose mourinho was satisfied with real madrid's 4-1 first leg win at alcoyano on wed...	1							
1	"brad keselowski is your winner! jeff gordon finishes 2nd with mark martin, jimmie johnson and carl edwards rounding out the top 5."	0							
1	martin atkinson is the man in the middle on sunday.nufc have never won an away game with him in charge. 6 losses & 4 draws (via	-1							
1	"coming up in the 4pm (eastern) hour, another chance for you to win tickets to tomorrow night's hudson family..."	0							
1	"that's it now for 2012, life doesn't star again til 3 march 2013 when paris-nice starts. tour of qatar in feb is quite jolly though #cycling"	1							
1	skyline drive/ shenandoah w the fambam tomorrow! afghans at a park.. on a sunday.. how unique lol	1							
1	you can breathe a sigh of relief now the queen of the nerds is back. you'll have to look out at sjp tomorrow too :)	1							
1	i'm waiting for the entire troy football team to pile out of the new music building tomorrow night and pillage the streets of knoxville.	0							
1	kristin chenoweth arrives at the 2nd annual hero dog awards	0							
1	may 14th the riot starts. rt  check out bill carter's piece in the  : \prime-time stern\	0							
1	lazy sunday ray allen is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0							
1	"updated #packinspain blog with some stat totals, like lorenzo brown and c.j. leslie with double-doubles:"	0							
1	big day in the sun now a big night in the heat with  #poppinbottles	1							
1	"the real mitt romney: ranting about mormonism, jerusalem, the 2nd coming during commercial break on radio - video:"	0							
1	"directions for tomorrow's festival: world music festival runs from 1pm - 8pm on richmond riverside, just north of richmond bridge."	0							
1	\all humans are entrepreneurs\ - reid hoffman in \the startup of you\	0							
1	14th page in hindu tn edition :(.  gadkari was on first page though. media will one day sell india for bread crumbs thown by dynasty	-1							
1	"late friday meet was just to clear air, says bjp a day later: sources said the rumour about gadkari quitt...  #india"	0							
1	i'm excited for the new tomb raider game even though it comes out in march. they're talking it back to the start don't you know?	1							
1	salsa sundays just don't stop! join your favorite lady dj ms. mar y soul this sunday at iguana for an evening of...	1							
1	you stay in pico rivera right ? i'll be there all saturday and sunday. so if i run into you there i'm just sayin my cousins	0							
1	\i don't know of a rule that could stop qld playing david taylor\ - the nrl to us on if qld can play taylor tomorrow in #origin3 #nrl	0							
1	happy 17th to hrt! we love you!!! @ shan & t-bone's	1							
1	he has 3 years left on his deal so afc's resistance may be to strong. where do you predict espanyol will finish?	-1							
1	anyone going yo watch the lakers vs heat game in miami february?	0							
1	"australian directioners!!! girlfriend magazine are releasing special edition magazines of all the boys, starting tomorrow. lou's up first."	0							
1	"team foster call will be on tonight thursday november 1st, from 9pm-10pm eastern 712-432-0900 new access code 833433#."	0							
1	did you want a lift tomorrow pal to chesters?	0							
1	"snsd's tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang mcs for the sbs k-pop super concert nov 10"	0							
1	"i'm going to stephen kellogg and the sixers at rex theatre in pittsburgh, pa - oct 30"	0							
1	how is vh1 gonna play friday after next and i still havn't watched the first one yet?	0							
1	your mail monday with fps russia was such a tease lol	-1							
1	dir. gen. alan hoffmann and chairman of the board of governors jim tisch have brought #tlvbog to a close. see you in february in jerusalem!	0							
1	"cloudy in the valley, good luck on your 2nd day of classes!! see you in the emerald city (isat)"	1							
1	yes they seem to be in quite a mess at bcfc hope you beat spurs tomorrow	-1							
1	fraud fears as iebc turns to old poll kit: the electoral commission on wednesday said it will take measures to e...	-1							
1	assassins creed iii may just be the best game ever.  #gamingitup	1							
1	bringing out the classics tonight.  maino's if tomorrow comes >>>>>	1							
1	"u wont be able to buy me that latte tomorrow if u work from 3-7 sillly, unless we go to gets it once were with troy and them o:"	-1							
1	i wanna see studio footage so bad. we are about to hear some unreleased stuff! likeeeeeeeeee i can't wait until sunday.	1							
1	"yesterday? lol alotta afghans had birthdays yesterday it isnt even january 1st, happy birthday :d"	1							
1	"wait it's thursday, tryna have a smokeout?"	0							
1	"trifecta! this friday get off your butt and come out to halls to show some support as volleyball, soccer, and football take down the devils!"	1							
1	tomorrow i'm making the journey to selma to celebrate pastor appreciation day/nanny's birthday. better see you there	1							
1	there is a drum school for music in 3rd ward on wichita st.  i will get the name later	0							
1	"it's great, childhood memories for me. if you like douglas adams you may like terry pratchett: satire pretending to be fantasy"	1							
1	"harold and the purple crayon, although it may be for slightly younger. and anything by dr. seuss is always quality."	0							
1	i'm talkn all black party on the 14th then vip all nite saturday at sky.... family n friends will be in da building ....we gon shut sky down	0							
1	breaking m&a news today: canada's potash corp. in talks with israel's netanyahu on merger with israel chemicals. that may be worth +$13.5bln	0							
1	4 tasty hoops matchups tonight 1. san diego state @ new mexico 2. marshall @ west virginia 3. st. joe @ xavier 4. wichita st @ uni	0							
1	red cross halts most pakistan aid after beheading: the international committee of the red cross  said on tuesday...	-1							
1	"world music festival rocks city saturday: maria muldaur headlines the day-long event, which bring french gypsy j..."	0							
1	don't miss the free sunset blues concert tonight from 5-7:00pm with march fourth marching band in mountain...	0							
1	"so this is how it's gonna be #ncaa south 3rd round winners uk, iowa st, wichita st, ind, unlv, baylor, xavier (upset) duke"	0							
1	my 2nd time seeing  was wen me kiaya n chante went to the dc star we stood in line @ 330pm n they open the club doors at 12am lol	1							
1	"#univb has its biggest weekend of the season (so far) starting tonight! missouri state @ 7pm, wichita state tomorrow @ 8:30pm"	1							
1	time for thursday night football as the tampa bay buccaneers take on the minnesota vikings. #nfl	0							
1	"i'm going to level 42 at sentrum scene in oslo, norway - nov 2"	0							
1	wednesday? idk whenever america day is ... i think lol	0							
1	"kinder morgan, chevron, & shell: natural gas m&a of the day: chevron corporation (nyse:cvx) places 2nd, only toe..."	0							
1	the fact that i'm going back to east york till jan for no apparent reason.. #ugh	-1							
1	i have a test over the trojan war tomorrow so i guess i'll watch troy tonight	0							
1	some concept art done by the late ralph mcquarrie. may the force be with you.	1							
1	fun fact in 7th grade i thought dave grohl and eddie vedder were the same person	1							
1	friday after next just came on vh1 i'm boutta be chilling.!	0							
1	gregg williams may never find a job in the nfl again if he's allowed back. snitchin will make your situation worse!	-1							
1	and tampa does run a version of the option pass that wsh killed us on.  rglll to davis may just be replicated.	-1							
1	"nothing against ecl and isat, but it sure is nice being in my own apartment for work. will be even nicer tomorrow when i set up the desktop!"	1							
1	"charlie rose with rich lowry, mort zuckerman, charles cook, karen tumulty, roger simon & david sanger (march 2, ..."	0							
1	in 1992 pope john paul ii proclaimed the catholic church wrongly condemned galileo for asserting the earth revolves the sun - 359 years late	0							
1	"anderson cooper and kristin chenoweth on his coming out: anderson live premiered monday, with kristin chenoweth ..."	0							
1	"interesting to see cliff avril start. told me wednesday he wasn't sure if he was ready to go. obviously, he is."	1							
1	"getting ready to board ei 105 to nyc to open pinter, a celebration with julian sands drctd by john malkovich  on tuesday"	0							
1	"finished filling out the fafsa for this scholarship application. hopefully it's processed before november 15, 'cause i need it by then."	1							
1	smoking a hoya de monterey...  on the radio... glass of red in hand... loving my sunday !!	1							
1	well....that should be addressed to #p2 since they may understand dr. seuss....emphasis on the term \may\ :)	1							
1	knicks vs celtics oct. 20 at the times union.... #bethere	0							
1	boom. take that austin. randi are you wearing your pink shirt tomorrow or dressing for america day?	0							
1	"tom segal, pricewise of the racing post, will be on  tomorrow previewing the big races on day one of york's dante festival."	0							
1	"im from south africa and will be leaving the states on the 5th  of nov, really wanna see jb!!! life would be perfect then!"	1							
1	west liberty goes for it on 4th & goal with seconds remaining in the half.  isaiah moody runs 2 yards in. fsu leads 19-13 at the half.	0							
1	"dear mr. netanyahu if a new \cast lead\might be needed i wish you success and total victory, may the enemies of israel perish."	1							
1	remember to all my basketball people here nba league pass has a free trial from now to the 8th of november	0							
1	think i'm gonna have to have a maccyd breakfast on the ways to spurs tomorrow ;)	1							
1	"a little tid bit of info about a local band, beitthemeans, who will be playing here nov 23 with capt. stabb tuggo..."	0							
1	see you on oct 22 ! sm bacolod :))) excited ! :dd	1							
1	nba league pass is free till the 6th	0							
1	plant city driver charged with dui in fatal crash - oct 30 @ 8:48 pm et	0							
1	please join me in welcoming our next us senator from the great state this coming monday.  check out hrt's website for details.	1							
1	"2 plains rd- lots of space in this 4 bed, 4 bath home in east york! come to the open house this sun 2-4 pm! big space, reno'd bathrms+ more!"	1							
1	the sun is just waiting for its agent to call to see if it can get the job as the glint in justin biebers eye. sun gets saad.	-1							
1	the 4th album is on it's way and we didn't even get a tour for unbroken... :( #australiawantsdemi - starting to think  isn't coming	-1							
1	last night i dreamt it was tomorrow's game and you invaded the pitch to throw your scarf at roger johnson. weird.	0							
1	"i ain't need no test to tell me i was smart... fuck the iowa, isat, selective enrollment, psat, act, & the sat tests"	-1							
1	"almost another warriors collapse in the 3rd, but they were able to pull through and get the w"	0							
1	"sun., july 29, 2:30 pm  \rock 'n' roll, the opposites,  & our greatest hopes--a celebration!\"	1							
1	had to cut the mohawk off gotta look grown for tomorrow night at club pulse	0							
1	from tomorrow 5 days eid holidays in muscat.  plans afoot to see a little of the interior with friends.  eid mubarak!	0							
1	i just realized that tomorrow is friday which means tomorrow is the kingsburg vs. selma game :) #excited	1							
1	looking forward to watching the mackems smash the mags. roll on sunday.	1							
1	world music festival is in full swing! see you tomorrow evening in millennium park with the maria de barros at 6pm!  #chicago #wmfchicago	1							
1	if you know a leo u know we doing it big!!!! come party with the leo's tomorrow night at the jett lounge!!!	0							
1	"2 games left in the division: vs wsh at fedex on a monday night, at home vs. phi last game of the season"	0							
1	#cricket pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arr...  (f ahsaan4u)	1							
1	come see  august 26th at the rex theatre! contact us for tickets.	1							
1	anybody kno how much the basketball tickets are for the vuu vs. vcu game tomorrow?	0							
1	guess the idol 1#  hint:he met b2st's gikwang in the 10th grade  comment answer+pr no pr wrong admin...	0							
1	"no, i'm going to muscat on friday. what will you do?"	0							
1	absolutely smashed. up early tomorrow to get to the strawberry by st james' park. fuck the mackems	-1							
1	e l james is going to be appearing on the katie show in the us on monday. the show are running a poll as to who...	0							
1	aye make sure y'all tell a top notch trill young savage diva chick happy 18th birthday	1							
1	historic canoe journey to protect the salish sea and stand against kinder morgan's pipeline expansion project sept 1st	0							
1	we'll be at the american women of surrey #christmas fair on sunday in cobham. will sample pumpkin pie. see you there!	1							
1	getting  transcript and shot. tomorrow accuplacer and group advising. turning in fafsa tonight. making moves before ny. love you	1							
1	the pack rides during the 7th stage of the 70th edition of the paris-nice cycling race run between s	0							
1	you said it. im super proud of all my kids. oldest is in 2nd year bachelor of education. and still plays soccer. #proudmom	1							
1	"really really good ian, skyfall tonight, jack white tomorrow & man u away saturday, can't be bad. how are you?"	1							
1	"just been told by west-point cop that dixie wont be open till friday, morning or night he wasn't sure yet."	-1							
1	red wolves home game today at 2:00pm! excited to see the best fans in the sun belt again! #howlyes #gostate!	1							
1	just watched the rhonda rousey v. meisha tate fight for the 1st time and that was one of the nastiest armbars	-1							
1	ok i guess i will go see emmylou harris play her album 'wrecking ball' on wednesday and so maybe you should also come:	1							
1	what a sunday this could be! english to beat the french and wiggo to wrap up paris-nice isn't too much to ask for is it?	1							
1	"all i want tomorrow is for stoke to get rid of shotton and a few others, bring in a lb cam and st but knowing pulis- cb cb cb"	0							
1	$224.60.  not a bad payoff for a 2nd race trifecta at #delmar.  check it out:	1							
1	love! i love all the episodes with kristin chenoweth (she plays april rhodes). i'm a fan of hers (obviously) lol!	1							
1	world music festival returns -- free but smaller: the good news: all events at the 14th annual world music festi...	1							
1	the bulls are back!  what seed do you think the bulls can finish assuming a 75% rose comes back by march	1							
1	hip-hop rumors: is maino headed to reality tv?: brooklyn rapper maino may be the latest rapper to be making the ...	0							
1	"black triangle sighting in oranjestad,  on october 11th 2012 - black triangle ufo with resemblance of a stealth ..."	0							
1	wilt chamberlain dropped 100 pt's with no threes ! c'mon son	-1							
1	love the greenbrier team. tipped two of them and possibly harris english's biggest fan. may yet add him to my staking plan.	1							
1	do we really care about our kids future? think about it: education is the 1st thing cut from budgets on every level.	-1							
1	"\ sheffield wednesday linked with roger johnson, ivan klasnic and michael antonio. big coups if they get them.\ #massive ? ;)"	1							
1	prototype quadrotor with machine gun! visit fps russia a 5th mission impossible film?(:	0							
1	"so, open lobby on monday. starting at 6pm est and ends whenever we get bored. i'll tweet it a few more times before monday."	0							
1	wow that's a 1st cuz if that's the case i woulda been on some wilt chamberlain stuff with how my pops & granddad was	0							
1	tottenham boss andre villas-boas has confirmed he has no plans to sell emmanuel adebayor in the january	0							
1	thank you for the  friday night is music night trailer.... makes me smile and excited every time	1							
1	am i the only one that wants it to flood in hf tomorrow?	0							
1	"i should be in hammond saturday night, or friday night you got my line right"	0							
1	it will be some scene at the nyse and nasdaq sites tomorrow morning when trading resumes. the story: how people get to both places.	0							
1	durham woman hopes to qualify for the iditarod |	0							
1	wow the lakers vs heat seats almost gone for jan 17th o_o	1							
1	remember to rsvp for our free writer's workshop next thursday with rosanne bane.  rosanne is a creativity coach &...	0							
1	tottenham hotspur boss andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for...	0							
1	tremendous rally by miesha tate to win by armbar in the 3rd. julie kedzie is a great ambassador for mma + fought her a** off. respect.	1							
1	how my room in this hostel actually hotter than okinawa in july? damn you spain!	-1							
1	lls i remember when i tryed to go out with oomf in 7th grade in eastern. but i was champ. and she was goregous. but now idk.	1							
1	"sunday's!!! great tv watching day! i got mobwives, rhoatl, kandi factory, klo&lamar, i'm a reality tv junkie!"	1							
1	#safc have brought on former #nufc striker louis saha. the frenchman is 6/1 to score the 2nd goal of this game. the draw is a 9/4 chance!	0							
1	damn i have to wait til' tomorrow before i know if i can go to oslo with my sis. damn. i'm not good at waiting	-1							
1	this may be the best exhibition ever.  @ barbican centre	1							
1	"covering global marijuana march for  night and day from #420, fewer juggalos, more serious advocates."	0							
1	"sunday means eggs benedict and florentine at the iguana! another beautiful morning, come on out and enjoy the pool and 2 x 1 bloody marys!"	1							
1	just walked past a girl throwing her guts up outside a bus stop... average monday night in shotton.	-1							
1	liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiistoooooo pa romper dc star nightclub 4 the 1st time since 08 !!! toy readyy ! #dmvsofficialhost	1							
1	louis saha could become the 8th player to score for 6 different pl teams this weekend. can you name the 7 who've already done it? #quizzage	0							
1	"after the disappointment of the 4draws (an og bust it), i've gone for 7 away wins tomorrow (including the mersey side derby)."	1							
1	"#planetf1 sat: str, caterham, marussia, hrt: although daniel ricciardo made it into q2 in india, toro ro...  #f1news"	0							
1	"oh man, tomorrow i'm definitely going to have a young life hangover after that dance party! it was so worth it! #totalylmove #ythelnot #best"	1							
1	sejesong sunday sessions @ imbizo busy corner ( midrand ivory park ext 2 next to eskom ) is the place to be 12:00 pm till late	0							
1	\third grade is the best. we started istep in 3rd grade!!\ my brother just said he likes istep. #lolwtf	1							
1	"putrajaya says determined to recover nfc funds: kuala lumpur, oct 29 - putrajaya said today it i...  via"	0							
1	"things that you never do on time:  apply for fafsa, your 2500 word paper due on monday, restocking on ice cream."	-1							
1	israel's red line on iran: 240 kg [of 20% enriched uranium] // number was put to netanyahu and he \did not contest it\.	-1							
1	as all my subscribers may know in young and now i'm doing youtubablehd trolling so watch my tweets for news about open lobby	0							
1	no don't! i have to fit into a tomb raider costume next wednesday! save it for the #cakecrawl!	-1							
1	"will be at irving plaza nyc, no doubt! will be the 4th show ive seen so far. the band that saved, inspired and showed me life."	1							
1	open source misconceptions fading: it web: south africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the world in ...	-1							
1	you went to henryville up til like 4th grade right??	0							
1	50 lakhs to 1600 crores. gives some sense of how maino became the 4th richest politician in the world!	0							
1	"i wanna go to the studio with ulysses n them tomorrow,but i cant. #bars"	-1							
1	"mmaweekly radio tuesday: miesha tate, ryan madigan and the best debate in mma  #debate #front_page #miesha_tate"	0							
1	jack white on tuesday for the second d time!! ghygftrdghgc i have the best mum ever #excitedmuch	1							
1	"news] stuck-up sunday: shepard fairey - andre the giant uncut sticker sheet -	0	1	11101011110100, 1110100, 110100, 111101110011011, 111101011101, 1111001011000, 11110111010110, 11110111010101, 11111000001, 1110101111110, 111001110, 111001111, 11100001010, 111111011101011, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	preparing for some jack white action tomorrow night by listening to the his setlist from dublin.	0							
1	"tryna just chill, get a lil tipsy and maybe hit up the mall friday? #downn"	1							
1	#bdnews #bangladesh cricket: pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes...	1							
1	"thank fuck it's friday. fresh supply of rohypnol,ice cold bluewkd's in the fridge. any blondes thinking of going out? gie's a shout ;)"	1							
1	..morning austin.....i'm going to bed now..hahha 8:45pm in south africa.writing math exam tomorrow.wish me luck xx	1							
1	"lady gaga added a new tour date for the #bornthiswayball in oslo, norway on 6th of december."	0							
1	"i don't get how people are saying she's lying about the direction of her 4th album, because she \lied\ about the direction of unbroken?"	-1							
1	this thurs. college night at xclusive first 50 ppl with college id $2 after that $5 make it your move to be there	0							
1	hahaha.... rest assured it will be something big on tuesday in putrajaya	1							
1	upcoming saturday @ cherry moon:  the start of a whole new season of the harder styles: first contact !!  with...	0							
1	just read timmonsville is beating the crap out of mcbee 60-8 still in the 3rd!!!	-1							
1	at least it will make up for the sat and the gonzaga game	1							
1	alright nicky fwd: from: 4028890972 sent: nov 1 10:28pm message: idc what he says.	0							
1	congrats to ryder cup captain  for his 6 under 64 in thursday's opening round of the honda classic. keep it going!	1							
1	"dr. arnold, i think they are just in the semi finals tomorrow. go warriors!!"	1							
1	"physics test tomorrow, so it's about time i open my book... but really there was a layer of dust on it"	0							
1	master liam's bday party!  this saturday on the dr susan block show! join us live in studio by rsvp here:	0							
1	clippers vs lakers tomorrow! you all are about to be 0-11!	1							
1	obama spends hour on phone with netanyahu during benghazi assault    priorities	0							
1	emmylou harris &  singing \the maker\ to close the entire 'wrecking ball' performance in nashville on wed.	0							
1	"on mvc teleconference, it seems jacobson found a lot more things wrong with saturday's exhibition after seeing the tape. #unihoops"	-1							
1	i would vote for david miliband if there was an election tomorrow and he was the labour leader - move over ed!	0							
1	scrap my last tweet! at 5:22 on the 24th for australian directioners it will be two years for the boys	0							
1	space and  were the place tonight. the sun ra arkestra was brilliant.  @ barbican centre	1							
1	\i don't know of a rule that could stop qld playing david taylor\ - the nrl to us on if qld can play taylor tomorrow in #origin3	0							
1	"oh yea, we heard bout y'all senior skip day friday... we ain't report it cause y'all ain't play nobody but brookwood."	0							
1	"this friday, the new film \occupy unmasked\ opens; a guided tour of the ows movement hosted by andrew breitbart...."	0							
1	ready to see the lakers tomorrow	0							
1	"tickets for troy on stub hub for $12. sad but if you have a youngin', saturday would be a great day to take them"	1							
1	i just finished the 5th season of army wives...now what do i do	-1							
1	tight race in the fans choice player of the week w/ wesleyan and brookwood players. last chance to vote:	0							
1	it's okay we gone finish off the spurs tomorrow	1							
1	"wicket, its getting worse for the afghans, they have slipped to 22-4 after karim sadiq (5) was run out by jos buttler in the 6th over."	-1							
1	in brownsville on the 18th floor of the project building stay dry my nigga	0							
1	"frank gaffney is not insane. he may not even be a true hater. he is a bigot for pay, just like steve emerson. hate is their racket."	-1							
1	"dana gets two false starts called on them trying to punt, 3rd one gets returned to their 18. laguna hills scores with 30 sec left, up 31-27"	-1							
1	"... may be that's why bjp is defending gadkari: they are all in the 'game'. as shourie famously said, cong & bjp are now one  party."	1							
1	k guys i got tot get some sleep for istep tomorrow and see 4/9 of my crushes cant wait and we r going outside luv u guys thanks for the	1							
1	"aubtourage: update, i will be storytelling for risk on sept 25 and the wrecking ball video will be released on vevo sept 26th! love you!"	1							
1	yup.  then we have the strawberry festival in late feb/early mar.  it's fl. :-)	1							
1	i am so tempted to book miami right now in january for my birthday and february for the lakers vs heat game! dare me? double dog dare me?	1							
1	i know it was the best day ever i'm soo happy! are you going to write on your arm or hand robsten unbroken tomorrow?c:	1							
1	"hope everyone made it to the uc in time to see the bulls raise their 21st straight financial champs banner. a true dynasty, we have."	1							
1	alot of free throw conditioning drill for the lakers tomorrow at practice	0							
1	#teamfollowback beirut (reuters) - the international committee of the red cross said on thursday it...  #ff	0							
1	it looks better as the nufc fans are now in 2nd tier so i can't see them... it looks like he's just goading the sufc fans!	1							
1	#ckt #update pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to...  from #shariq	1							
1	thanks to wrh i've got on the guest list for the opening night of the shepard fairey show over at stolenspace on friday night !	1							
1	"friday night live! we are going to a maulers game! meet at mvc at 6:30, bring $5 + fastfood $ + funds to buy caseyface some chocolate pie..."	0							
1	"the bulls head to cle friday night.  one night doesn't a season make, but that was a solid win over wsh on opening night."	1							
1	doesn't help that hoya's my bias in infinite :c (btw what are we gonna do about thursday!!!!)	-1							
1	"#mentiondateiwillneverforget.. the saturday of the strawberry festival, which i think was 6/17/12"	0							
1	fairfax on the 3rd is still happening right?!	0							
1	attention everybody if you know anyone in troy that is looking to take over a lease.i will be willing to pay half r all of 1st months rent.	0							
1	"the bulls head to cle friday night.  one night doesn't a season make, but that was a solid win over wsh on opening night."	1							
1	tomorrow is the day we'll beat justin biebers vevo record and earn our title back! :) :)	1							
1	"#mcilroy had a strong start in thursday's opening round of the honda classic, but the no 2 was upstaged by us ryder cup captain #love iii."	1							
1	"haha blocked by  because its  2nd account and he backs everything tom segal puts up, oh the irony #stoproguetipsters"	1							
1	i'm dressing up as gary for halloween.. so don't expect to c me until about 4th period..ill b home dozing off to animal planet then ill b at	0							
1	\3 by\ on the roof at sjp... face off clinic back on for 12 pm - 1 pm at cabrini this sunday	0							
1	"last tweet of the night, reading will not lose to spurs tomorrow"	1							
1	"food fact of the day: sept 9, 1890 harland sanders was born near henryville, indiana. founder of kentucky fried chicken restaurant chain."	0							
1	looking forward to some march fourth marching band madness tonight at	1							
1	he's coming to the houston rodeo in march!!	0							
1	"iebc warns it will revert to manual voter registration if bvr kits delay, says poll timetable may change."	-1							
1	anyone wanna go to a gillie da kid concert sept 30th? young savage and haddy are gonna be killin it too	1							
1	"on 17th anniversary of rabin assassination, netanyahu calls murder 'one of the worst crimes of the new age'"	-1							
1	"wed  am on \java jazz\ with ken irwin, tune in for a chat with umass jazz dept. head jeff holmes about his new cd, \of one's own.\"	0							
1	just some info on e l james before we settle down into our books on monday!   e.l james was born in london england...	0							
1	ill be in brownsville by wednesday night so it's all good :)	1							
1	i have 2 passes for looper in pico rivera on thursday. message or text me if you want them.	1							
1	seriously bummed that #perksofbeingawallflower isn't playing at any of the bases here on okinawa...may fly home just to see it!	-1							
1	dematha was shocked by gonzaga on saturday. can the stags regroup in time for the wcac playoffs? #mdpreps	-1							
1	pics of the march fourth marching band at the oregon country fair closing out the show sunday night. their...	0							
1	getting up at 3am tomorrow to get to the embassy to wait outside in the freezing cold for 3 hours :( kinda hate south africa right now.	-1							
1	one space has just become available on my photography for parents workshop on sat 24 nov in cobham...more details here:	0							
1	my momma is going to see banda limon at the pico rivera sports arena tomorrow without me :( shes taking sarah with her :/	-1							
1	thursday night football:tampa bay buccaneers v minnesota vikings ...: vimeo is the home for high-quality videos ...	1							
1	i want song joongki for the 1st drama star ! bigbang for the trendy music / the koxx for the band music / gd for the style /	0							
1	"culture (down town, mon 23, 1:00pm): come celebrate spanish literature at world book day by the cervantes..."	1							
1	jesus shuttlesworth heat vs lakers ralph mcquarrie #top100femalelies is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0							
1	all seniors will be recognized at fca tomorrow and the first 25 will get free chickfila coupons for free biscuits! see y'all there :)	1							
1	a university uniform in appreciating military veterans: he reunited after the game saturday with capt. michael p...	1							
1	thelema thursday! maroccan chicken tagine and the irresistible muscat de frontignan	1							
1	"tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10"	0							
1	"happy 30th birthday, matthew  inman! seems appropriate that you share a birthday with jim henson..."	1							
1	"don't forget to dine out  in #savage tonight for paa! also, it's america day tomorrow at the hs for #homecoming week!"	1							
1	i'm gonna be in monroe like all day sat! haha	1							
1	'may the odd's be ever in your favor' australian directioners.	1							
1	"the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now considers the conflict in syria a civil war, meaning international..."	0							
1	"\under the cherry moon, my niggas carry heat, enough to bury june\ shaaaataaaaaaaaap"	-1							
1	"france: friday was last day to exchange the obsolete franc for euro, banque de france said   - breaking news buzz"	0							
1	good friday afternoon! construction & a crash on the ramp from 85 northbound to 400 northbound causing delays heading up from brookwood!	1							
1	"number, address, cat's name and a date this thursday. no fucking about! just call me tomb raider...."	0							
1	hello ully. ;) see you on saturday at sm sta. rosa. :d can't wait. :\>	1							
1	"we need to think about cyber security and space? c'mon obama, capt. picard has at least one of those on lock. #debate"	0							
1	"i've always loved spc, now know as spu. i'm excited to attend the career fair tomorrow ! :)"	1							
1	"i am going to see aesop rock and rob sonic  on fri aug 3rd at irving plaza nyc. if anyone wants a ride up to the show, i have room for 2."	1							
1	premier league team of the week: walcott makes seventh appearance this season while sagna also features	0							
1	"yiying is two characters in the chinese lang. the 1st part, yi, means happy. the 2nd part, ying, means creative. right?  #learning"	0							
1	"tiger woods draws crowd of fans on practice day at honda classic: hold on, bobby, tuesday was a school day. why ..."	0							
1	jose mourinho: \...so i think tomorrow the match will not be far from those characteristics\ 2/2 #halamadrid	0							
1	"what tomato and onion had done to bjp in delhi, lpg may do the same to cong in the forthcoming elections..."	0							
1	it appears douglas adams may have right about telephone sanitisers all along.	1							
1	she's drivin through from banff with her dad goin to sort stuff in her flat! roll on sunday though :)	1							
1	its done! my brother just got married...we turnin up at jett lounge tonight and at grannys house tomorrow	0							
1	"live at d-tronics 20th anniversary with locations valley wide mcallen,edinburg,harlingen,brownsville they have..."	0							
1	with krul injured for newcastle does that mean that rob elliot will start in goal? has he been on bench this season or 3rd choice. #cafc	-1							
1	new skyfall trailer is live. - *fans self* is it october yet? i have all the feels for this. goddamn.	1							
1	check out the one for silent house at the london tombs tomorrow night too!	0							
1	so justin beiber is coming down here jan. 15. am i the only one excited? lol	1							
1	independent electoral and boundaries commission (iebc) says all is set for monday's by-elections in the three constituencies.	0							
1	"big day coming up for! word from cutoms and ups is we will have our bouncy castle, by tomorrow. i'm praying their right. #ogoplay"	1							
1	grab the latest issue of the record out on campus now and stay dry this morning! happy friday!	1							
1	join team pml(n) representative to support pmln vs pti kids at front line with kamran shahid recording tomorrow...	0							
1	sorry that we couldn't get you in the party. the guys i was playing with refuse to play ground war. open lobby on wed.	-1							
1	will there ever be a 3rd season of breakout kings? fx should pick you guys up! please tell me sumthin good!!! best show ever!	1							
1	"fourteen environmental protesters arrested at eskom on tuesday have been released on bail, after the group..."	0							
1	"omg this show is so predictable even for the 3rd ep. rui en's ex boyfriend was framed for murder probably, by the rich guy."	-1							
1	"still remember all your 1st names, bar shotton. had a huge utd squad poster on my bedroom wall. you lot were in the front row."	0							
1	england to play haryana in the third warm-up game in ahmedabad that starts nov 8 ahead of the first test on nov 15 #cricket #indveng	0							
1	i'm taking physics without calculus for the 2nd time in the spring. tips?	0							
1	jonathan clary's blocked punt sets up mike longo's 3-yard td run and laguna hills cuts dana hills lead to 20-17 with 9:38 left in 3rd	-1							
1	can't wait till sunday morning when we (shola) make the mackems cry. pretty sure a #hatembomb or two will be dropped too. #premierpunditry	1							
1	open lobby all day tomorrow!	0							
1	"still waiting for someone, anyone, to show me where fluke asked the gov to pay for her anything. ::taps foot, checks watch::  c'mon..."	-1							
1	buses arrive in henryville. first day back in original building since march 2 tornados destroyed school	0							
1	"why you so gwapo  ^_^ take care mario,going to watch suddenly it's magic on tuesday. :)"	1							
1	"yeah, but one of them is an old lady who looks like a jim henson creature left out in the sun."	-1							
1	physics tomorrow is going to be a shit show	-1							
1	"wait what? i'm already confused :p if you're gonna be in muscat in may, we'll probably meet up then!"	0							
1	tryna make sure everything go as planned saturday. . .	0							
1	last day of istep tomorrow.	0							
1	the sun are today reporting that chelsea owner roman abramovich has given the green light for roberto di matteo...	0							
1	"things i want to do: live in toronto to work, go to school, and pursue acting, and go to second city.and go out to banff to work in january!"	1							
1	i am in line to meet e l james! guess i should start on #fiftyshades for the 4th time!   #fiftyshadesofgrey	0							
1	the facebook ipo players club: reid hoffman: ... today who he is: reid hoffman is probably best known to you an ...	1							
1	"dual policy of lpg pricing not acceptable to public, suggestion is that govt. should rationalize the price which may be upto rs. 600/-"	-1							
1	vandals in oakland same as the night before in sf with afghans grown in.	-1							
1	"will be assisting the marching band at the game tomorrow from the bleachers, i hope you all like vuvuzela"	1							
1	how long will i have to wait to see ted nugent rape and kill a kangaroo? c'mon #discovery channel the apocalypse is right around the corner.	-1							
1	rediff live! hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time against cartoons of the prophet mohamm...	-1							
1	also on west liberty ... it does not play a regular-season game in february.	0							
1	interested? my exclusive: td bank denies allegation it aided $7-billion ponzi fraud; 2nd only to madoff	-1							
1	"oh hahaha they post it once everyday.so,don't worry they'll post hoya's pict tomorrow ~"	1							
1	#bpl issues to be decided nov 1: bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the bangladesh premier le...	0							
1	didn't get a chance to post this the other day. goodbye ralph mcquarrie. may you return as a force ghost to guide young artists... #starwars	-1							
1	"rich bitch, come to the game on saturday, iguana will be there c:"	0							
1	4 minutes into 2nd quarter and mid-prairie in the red zone of west liberty ready to strike again. #iahsfb #kcrgfnl	0							
1	tomorrow: crazy cavalier day wednesday: dr. d's bowtie day thursday: america day friday: spirit day	0							
1	i saw you at church sunday with tohse david ruffin glasses on fly :)	1							
1	wat happen to the days of big bangs on monday night gettin drunk beyond my years wit my nigga kendall n not having a care or kid n the world	0							
1	"song joongki, park bo young at the premiere the grand heist / gone with the wind on the 25th."	0							
1	k don't think i can be there but i'll try next time but another thing u should try to do is mail monday with fps russia! lol	-1							
1	this is as brutal of a loss as it gets. up 6-0 then up 2 with 2 outs in the 9th only to blow it. it's going to be a very long winter in wsh.	-1							
1	"ok sorry sm sta. rosa, november 10! see you guys! =)"	1							
1	"does anyone remember when we had to chose racers for the iditarod thing in 6th grade? i had zoya denure, along with 100 other people..loll(:"	1							
1	2nd time to new creation church to see joseph prince for the 1st time.	0							
1	"2ne1 rocks okinawa with stylish airport fashion  on 2012 october 28th, 2ne1 performed at the \kpop paradise..."	0							
1	rory mcilroy on top of the world after beating a resurgent tiger woods at the honda classic in flori	1							
1	\ why fit in when you were born to stand out? - dr. seuss\-- haha. gotta stand out tomorrow. watch! ;d	1							
1	"view of my schedule for the rest of the week?? today: work than class, wed: halloween at work, thurs: work young life, friday: work than...."	0							
1	guys i just want to go to justin biebers concert on november 4th why is  doing this to me	-1							
1	"this may sound melodramatic, but andrew breitbart dying was one of the worst shocks of my life."	-1							
1	come hang out with me saturday at kremlin!!	0							
1	were you on sm sta. rosa last sunday? i didn't see you. :( and sm calamba this friday yeah?	-1							
1	do you know roman abramovich is the 3rd richest man in britian? #interestingfactoftheday #interestinggilfriend	1							
1	wondering what to do tomorrow in the rain? come on down to lil' iguana's children's safety foundation for their...	0							
1	"reid hoffman, oflinkedin says start where you are. says google was in beta form for 1st 2 yrs while they progressed. don't wait. start now!!"	1							
1	"on the news, regarding the \marijuana march\ in #toronto today: \if you don't hear 'em coming, you'll smell them.\ nice...not."	-1							
1	i love tom boonen. forget the whole birth/citizen issue. i might just write him in for president in november.	1							
1	stroudsburg vs pleasant valley for the mvc title next friday #repeat #mountienation	0							
1	"operating g3kmi this evening from the university maths tower on hf bands. 6:15-pm - 8pm bst. 10th floor, room 10037. #ham #hamradio"	0							
1	why wasn't jorge masvidal on the main card on july 14th and why is miesha tate not on the main card tomorrow?! #thissucks	-1							
1	driving west towards banff as the sun sets on the mountains. it's comforting to see those hills again. home	1							
1	"our professor moved our test back to tuesday, and brought candy!? damn, she must really love us. thanks, vanessa! #tequiero"	1							
1	congratulations norwin high school marching band on getting 1st place at the towson boa regional!	1							
1	can't wait to see the people of shotton proudly waving their red & white flags and wearing their national team shirts. poland play tomorrow!	1							
1	"one of the hottest up and coming artists  will be performing july 29th at rex theatre in southside, pittsburgh!! tix only $10"	1							
1	"after mrs o, castro, fluke & now clinton, i am so proud of the party that i believe in & will vote for in nov. tomorrow night is just icing"	1							
1	why have hammond and may been verified but not you? #wtf	0							
1	#tottenham boss andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for #shaktar's willian. #thfc #epl	0							
1	mavs will beat the lakers tomorrow accepting all bets	1							
1	hey can you plz help try to get to justin biebers concert on december 3rd in la !	0							
1	may fall asleep on the couch watching ou and eastern #naptime	0							
1	"lol i'm in laguna hills, but ima be in l.a & hollywood all day today & tomorrow ."	0							
1	peter did you miss this? #trend runako morton	0							
1	going to go watch the lorax .... then off to bed :p #goodnight class starts tomorrow :o	1							
1	"sat watching the fucking celtic game, sounds like i'm missing a corker at white hart lane"	-1							
1	not a very attractive line up. have you got mackems v. mags tomorrow?	-1							
1	"volleyball: plant city clinched a regional spot, defeating hillsborough tonight 3-0 in the 7a district 8 tournament. finals are thursday."	0							
1	belated post: i actually really liked the steelers' 1934 throwback uniforms from sunday's game against wsh. people just hatin'. :p #fb	1							
1	jett lounge 3701 clairmont rd atl. one of the nicest party i been all year. damn this is the place to be. ladies don't miss it smp saturday	1							
1	"may have meat loaf and ted nugent, but  is rolling with  tonight!  'nuff said!  #stateofloveandtrust #edshow"	1							
1	3:35 saturday night in okinawa... lets call it a night. lights out.	0							
1	the wednesday ipad edition is out now - including tom segal's pricewise advice and brilliant previews for juddmonte international day	1							
1	"madoff was one lucky sob..if he was born in iran, death to you my friend and may allah have mercy on ur miserable soul"	-1							
1	pauwiin nyo muna ako bago kayo pumunta jan plsplsplspls \ see you at sm bacolod :)\	1							
1	new delhi: members of  (iac) on sunday protested and clashed with the police outside haryana chief minister bhupinder singh hooda	-1							
1	this \too cute\ puppy show on animal planet might just be the greatest thing ever. i may never leave my room. #homeworkcanwait	1							
1	friday night lights at east york lol remember when it was good	1							
1	"tryna be more than temporary , love you everyday like february . i'm tryna make us soo official like #loverboy"	1							
1	who's coming to the marijuana march in cardiff tomorrow? support the cause #legalizeweed!	1							
1	"that's what i figured. we suspect you may be experiencing some issues related to the storm, maria. we're working on it! ^dgm"	-1							
1	"rest in peace star wars conceptual artist ralph mcquarrie, may the force be with you my friend"	1							
1	"i was in the 5th grade taking istep tests when #9/11 happened, doesn't seem like its been that long ago"	0							
1	us: sen john mccain called monday for us to begin another war with airstrikes on syria   - breaking news buzz	0							
1	if we're still 3rd favourites at the end of the day then odds have more shit than white hart lane and anfield put together.	-1							
1	i am hosting the open lobby! saturday 15th ( tomorrow ) 1:00pm - 3:00pm uk time gamertag \il ash li\  be there guys it's going 2 be awesome!	1							
1	is this how david miliband got into oxford with bad grades?  #bbcnews	-1							
1	3rd one dropped by afghans. this is not how you put pressure.  #indvafg #wt20	-1							
1	dongwoo's reaction to 7th rank is just hilarious!!! xd	1							
1	may nabasa aq! i dunno if im going to believe it or not :/ ang sabe dito nasa hell daw si pope john paul ii >:| ..	-1							
1	so after david ruffin sat in the trap and smoked crack all day friday all day saturday and sunday i gotta salute his will to keep going!	1							
1	"for those interested, mark martin will make his 850th career nscs start this weekend (ranked 5th on all-time list). #nascar"	0							
1	"played wednesday, outclassed a premier league team tonight by the sounds of it! #swfc #operationptl"	1							
1	"aren't jews, steve emerson & clifford may just a little scared at cufi. haven't they heard about leo frank?"	0							
1	ooh! i've just started playing my bf's ac i to get me into it as i've never played before. i like! iii may be bought soon..xx	1							
1	"i was at the vatican when #pedrocalungsod was beatified by pope john paul ii last march 5, 2000 & now after 12 years he is now canonized"	0							
1	"if you are in #orangecounty / near laguna hills, please come visit me at awakenings this thursday at 7pm!"	1							
1	"anchorage, ak: the ceremonial start of the iditarod every march"	0							
1	the international committee of the red cross on friday warned that three palestinian hunger strikers were at risk...	-1							
1	premier league team of the week: march 5: gmf takes a look at the team of the weeken...  ...via	0							
1	#nacamam  you have to try skywalk deli on the 2nd floor of the comerica building on monroe! #bestlunche	1							
1	bilbao for breakfast this sunday morning. athletic are just about to kick off at espanyol.	0							
1	"dongwoo is like a big baby, sooo cute :3 i just wanna hug him... is dongwoo becoming my 3rd infinite bias? *0*"	1							
1	"guess what?! we are going to be having our christmas party on december 6th! no shows, unless your justin beiber...."	1							
1	"camo or nascar the choices i must make on white trash wednesday, i mean america day...."	0							
1	#3dt make sure you find your self at the \s.e.c\ this thursday for $3 thursdays!! $3 w/ college id $5 w/ reg id til 11pm!!! #iparty	1							
1	so i might go to the selma vs. kingsburg game tomorrow (:	1							
1	"get paid way later today, probably going to go see sky fall on the 9th or man with the iron fists idk which one 2 choose?"	0							
1	justin biebers music is the 11th biblical plague	-1							
1	hopefully watching the lorax will get my mind off tomorrow	1							
1	"think we're going to struggle no end on monday with no colo, krul and tiote. those three are essential defensively #nufc #everton"	-1							
1	mom just asked if i wanted to see the knicks vs celtics in october...i hate both teams but it's a live game hmm	-1							
1	tomorrow is the big day!!!!! we celebrate upnsmoke woodlands one year anniversary. grand prize winner of the...	1							
1	"nine goa congress legislators want to join us: bjp: panaji, oct 31: goa's ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) to..."	1							
1	bbl to take over  franchise in short-term. game with mersey this sunday to go ahead h...	0							
1	miesha tate says your going to win oct 6th during her interview and you are a bad ass at 105... go girl :)	1							
1	july 29th 1995 was the time that that young savage had arrived	0							
1	when are you going to do another mail monday with fps russia?	0							
1	that's shit :(  banff would be better aswell! still going out in keith on the 3rd? x	-1							
1	shotton has shown he is worthy of that list by passing the ultimate barometer of performing on wet wednesday night for stoke	1							
1	monroe bound tomorrow! it's a must leave ruston for a day	1							
1	world book day was mon and no one gave me a book. no one even gave me back any of the books they've borrowed   #hinthint	0							
1	happy birthday haryana.  may you get the best in times to come.	1							
1	"dear march, i'm gonna live my life no matter what we party tonight cause its national bieber day (y)"	1							
1	woosahhhh it's courtney! long time no see from 1st lady!	1							
1	"so in the 1st book of the e l james trilogy, anastasia is played by  & christian is christian bale (obviously). it is what it is."	0							
1	"one last push sunday, and most of them will have a weeks not playing cos of the cup game midweek before nufc. i never make ....."	-1							
1	watching the 1st season of army wives	0							
1	"fps russia penis reservations, he's already doing 5 chicks today maybe we can fit you in tomorrow ?"	0							
1	"no, he may just be gadkari's driver."	0							
1	"yep, wanted to limit it to 1 tweet! :)  impressive palmares. while i'm here, stages in tirreno,vuelta,paris-nice,suisse, 4th roubaix"	1							
1	that's true but until its all decided that's who  is going with. danny care would be 2nd choice right now.	0							
1	"sungkyunkwan scandal for the 3rd time!!! can't get enough of park yoochun, park minyoung, song joongki and especially yoo ah in! :)"	1							
1	sandy alderson may as well change his name to madoff because he is robbing the mets.	-1							
1	australian directioners! igo one direction (icarly) is premiering on nickelodeon the 24th of july at 4:30pm. (: how exciting! x	1							
1	does anyone want to come with me to see ted nugent speak at freedom hall tomorrow. it's free	0							
1	ladies it's time for y'all to bring out them tight freak um dresses at club pulse tomorrow 1118 n 4th street free til 11	0							
1	danny care may be the best scrum half england have but he's still a massive c-bomb	-1							
1	you should totally come and perform in houston and while your at it come and visit the houston rodeo in march :)	1							
1	feel the warmth in the sky at first sight i felt the energy of sun rayysss	0							
1	"this just in: rui en joins elvin ng & co. in clif2, scheduled to air 18 feb 12. surprise?"	0							
1	sunday with sufjan stevens - casimir pulaski day live at manchester apollo 19/05/11:  via	0							
1	yardbarker: announcing the november 17 smashville express to knoxville	0							
1	"what are the fafsa and a pell grant? | begin college: what are the fafsa and a pell grant? october 26, 2012 cate..."	0							
1	usa calls last time out with 5:20 left in the half. they have 1st and 10 at red wolves 34.	0							
1	how many of you believe that andrew breitbart very well may have been murdered?	-1							
1	brilliant 85 mins for  in the mersey derby. not a bad game for 1st goal....	1							
1	"happy november 1st sweet friends!!! sweet thursday nod's (names of the day) are.....charrish, selma, and aiden...."	1							
1	\ \don't cry because it's over. smile because it happened.\ - dr. seuss\ good quote for a friday!	1							
1	alejandro valverde wins stage 3 of paris-nice. can he catch bradley wiggins? the answer  #parisnice	1							
1	finally listened to wrecking ball before i see the concert tomorrow evening!!	1							
1	not hard to figure out the value in this offer...mathnasium is offering a free  \mathing\ workshop on sunday from...	0							
1	"mizzou links, 9-5-12: holy smokes, it's wednesday already? i haven't even posted bill carter's sela photo...  #ncaaf"	0							
1	"youve done bob's great, the pacific great, now how about one following the 15th usaaf, 456th squadron b-24, capt. klingler???"	1							
1	demi is performing at the houston rodeo on march 3	0							
1	"you may not recognize his name (yet), but you will definitely know his music. check out the amazing bill carter..."	1							
1	"frank gaffrey, cliff may, steve emerson: brilliant. \looming threats: iran, hezbollah hamas\ is the best #cufidc session i've had thus far."	1							
1	red cross: syria conflict is now a civil war: the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now	-1							
1	off to #stolenspacelnd to see the shepard fairey show i didn't get to see last friday...	-1							
1	interesting that gregg williams' affadavit was just signed on friday.	1							
1	i'm watching thursday night football between the tampa bay buccaneers and the minnesota jared allen	0							
1	watching joseph prince. getting fed. u may think it but u don't have to say it. speak gods words. #pastor #faith #word	0							
1	tampa bay buccaneers: game-by-game predictions for 2nd half of the season - bleacher report  #buccaneers	0							
1	i'll be playing #mitd tonight around 8:30pm est. open lobby will most likely be tomorrow evening. keep an eye on youtube/twitter.	1							
1	"the u16s game with shotton has been called off due to a waterlogged pitch, so they're now going to llani on wednesday night. sorry lads!"	-1							
1	here's what dixie is saying about stansbury. be sure to check out mark watson's preview tomorrow	0							
1	"so excited about the opportunity to go listen to  speak in knoxville, tn tomorrow night!! looking forward to learning! :)"	1							
1	aaron brooks and marcus thornton combine to go 8-25 and we lose to the bulls by 6. everybody have a good thursday.	0							
1	"hot deal: charlie rose with kofi annan; edward said; mort zuckerman (july 28, 2000): in anticipation of the upco..."	1							
1	i feel like hammond would be the only school in the county that would make us come to school tomorrow.	0							
1	mike dean will be the referee for  the london derby game tomorrow. chelsea without john terry and martin atkinson might struggle. #coys	0							
1	"... but if i say \wilt chamberlain is the 4th-best player ever\, it's the start of a long, fruitless argument that no one can win. [2/2"""	-1							
1	november 21 yung nation going to be in monroe at the club its high school night	0							
1	beyond obama's hope: the work of shepard fairey	0							
1	we saw the birth place of jesus and walked the pathway of the palm sunday entry of jesus into jerusalem.#tc	0							
1	"is that liam neeson sat next to roman abramovich?, i'd sleep with one eye open tonight if i was dimatteo! #cfc #mufc #supersunday"	0							
1	"it's amazing to see the success thus far early from udofia, considering how marshall, etc stifled lorenzo brown on thursday night"	1							
1	fca is tomorrow morning at 7:30 in the pac! we're doing small groups! i hope to see you all there!	1							
1	"check out charlie rose with adel al-jubeir; bill carter (march 5, 2002): adel al-jubeir, adviser to the crown pr..."	0							
1	kaka committed to real madrid: he may have been on the periphery of the real madrid squad since jose mourinho took...	0							
1	local sports: special to the news-sun: plant city - the highlands youth football and cheer organization (hyfc) t...	0							
1	reminder july 22nd @ 3pm i will be hosting an open lobby on the livestream	0							
1	"breakfast, training then of to london to prepare for the game against spurs tomorrow"	0							
1	i do not want a repeat of strawberry festival bus ride home from buckwheat this friday.	-1							
1	"will not be going to hari terbuka next friday, have to go to putrajaya"	-1							
1	kinder morgan to divest assets to close el paso deal - kinder morgan energy partners lp (nyse: kmp) said monday it h...	0							
1	was the  employee of general musharraf....sheikh rashid in kamran shahid's front line on april 17	0							
1	"charlie rose with rahm emanuel, mort zuckerman, rob portman & mark halperin; christine orban (october 5, 2004): ..."	0							
1	"and sad as it is, the 6 month waiting time still means i will be on hrt before i would have had 1st"	-1							
1	"but who's tryna make that move to the berkmar game against brookwood, friday?"	0							
1	front line with kamran shahid anp shahi syed	0							
1	"come check out the smp allstars scenecity this friday, 150 pine st ne atlanta 30308. saturday  reggae party jett lounge 3701 clairmont atl"	0							
1	#nowwatching ~ silent house. guess i'm in love w/ elizabeth olsen. gotta find 'martha marcy may marlene'. heard that she's really good there	1							
1	tryna get wavy after work tomorrow it's been a while	0							
1	"krul crocked, just putting it out there craig gordon britains 2nd most expensive keeper is without a club? #nufc #safc #ftm"	-1							
1	nice to be missed maino.  hope you're having fun. 2nd night all all-inclusive?	1							
1	who wants to go to a haunted house with me on friday only 12$ with college id!!!	1							
1	this month is going to be amazing.  4th i see courtney! 9th stacy moves back!(:  17th my birthday!!(:  then it's thanksgiving and no school!	1							
1	thanks for everyone who came out for day 2 of world music festival! we'll see you tomorrow at 10am for a global grooves dance party	1							
1	cava is looking forward for one of the biggest event of the year. the strawberry festival in 350 main st. watsonville from sat-sun 10-5p.	1							
1	apparently justin beiber is in the area. i know this because i have students (plural) missing school tomorrow to see him.	-1							
1	"this friday at the arlene francis center!!! kinship, not to reason why, echorev, girls in suede and iditarod! doors at 7 :)"	1							
1	bro i love the new song \poetic justice\ you're doing great things. may god bless	1							
1	l.a tomorrow going to my favorite pizza parlor on fairfax :)	1							
1	"uber pumped about fca breakfast tomorrow morning in the cafeteria! 7:30! be there to fellowship, learn, and eat some free food! #rt"	1							
1	how great would it be if the power came back today but so many schools in fairfax country didn't have power so school was closed tomorrow?	1							
1	"david miliband is coming tomorrow! he is meeting nulc exclusively at 14:30 in martin luther king room, students' union. make sure you rsvp!"	1							
1	"tom boonen has been summoned to man the polling station in mol this sunday. if he doesn't, he'll get fined"	-1							
1	hrt: we have to try and improve the car: oct.26 (hrt) the formula 1 world championship returned to action today ...	1							
1	when mr.craig said sunday night was officially the last day of marching band. < <	-1							
1	"#nowwatching the kandi factory, and i'm liking it so far."	1							
1	"\ hamid mir has rejected the negative views of saleem safi,sana bucha & kamran shahid on pti peace march. read his tweets !\"	-1							
1	i saw her on tuesday by java jazz. and i can't help it if girls like me lol :p	1							
1	"it's a sunday, i think in the spirit of douglas adams and feeling like shit i will have a second bath"	-1							
1	distin's derby disappointment: sylvain distin has voiced his frustration at taking just a point from sunday's mersey...	-1							
1	"hoya, sungyeol and sungjong with bae yong jun. look..sungyeol's hand!"	0							
1	i'm mad that i haven't changed the channel. i've actually watched 3 episodes of stevie tv & every time i get mad at myself for watching it!	-1							
1	"the isba is hosting a professional lunch tomorrow with attorneys from romannucci blandin, ccsao, & ungaretti harris.  check the record!"	0							
1	must give the boys there spot back for most viewed video in 24hrs! directioners tomorrow is the boys night!  #littlethingsvideocountdown	1							
1	#mittromney may have run the olympics and balanced massachusetts' books but i learned all i know about economics from simcity	0							
1	"ufo sighting: black triangle sighting in oranjestad,  on october 11th 2012 - black triangle ufo with resemblance..."	0							
1	david miliband in the ft today: germany may have more in common with britain or poland than with euro members such as italy or even france.	0							
1	the brick$quad is the yankees of 8th period english iii with doc caputo. #targetonourbacks #hatedbyall #champions	-1							
1	"mort zuckerman i can just change who i am plenty of, not to mention all i may give is in fact all my love."	1							
1	"play with sketsa @ java jazz, 2 march, 8 pm, lobby stage"	0							
1	will you play signal fire at your show in hammond on saturday? :)	1							
1	big game with vcu tomorrow night! second-place is on the line. #letsgox	1							
1	i'm very excited to announce that i'll be opening for the amazing  again this coming tuesday at irving plaza nyc!	1							
1	"inmarsat's swiftbroadband soars to new heights: inmarsat (lse:isat.l), the leading provider of global mobile sat..."	1							
1	norqway in banff opens tomorrow mother nature rules in the canadian rockies	0							
1	"we nailed the trifecta at #belmont today for $1,139.00 in the 7th race!  check it out:"	1							
1	purim's dancer runs in the 7th  today. here she is getting some good luck from the local goat...	1							
1	queens of the stone age's regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour & dave grohl sat on the stool	0							
1	"if you can't beat 'em, recruit 'em ( #yhoo, aol, goog, twx, aapl: inc. (nasdaq: yhoo) may have the biggest weapo..."	1							
1	friday night lights!!! here in brownsville the match between hanna eagels and rivera raiders.	1							
1	indeed i am. i get back late tuesday night so i can easily come into banff the next day. what time would be good for you?	1							
1	i guess i should've been out giving out books last night for world book day. instead i sat in large dark room watching the avengers assemble	-1							
1	what i've been busying about is just about my community's big day on sunday. and plus i get tired. you know i even have classes.	0							
1	world walking day in few more hours! see you guys at putrajaya! i am gonna bring my camera along :)  #fb	1							
1	"charlie rose with rich lowry, mort zuckerman, charles cook, karen tumulty, roger simon & david sanger (march 2, ..."	0							
1	we will be at the ma rural water's trifecta on sept 12 demonstrating utility cloud and presenting on cloud technologies.  see you there!	1							
1	stfu wit them excuses...clippers gonna beat the hell outta the lakers tomorrow	-1							
1	"when i was a kid, pope john paul ii was crowned or whatever they call it. i remember wondering whatever happened to pope john paul the 1st.."	0							
1	lpg consumers can now fill up kyc form till nov 15: the government has extended by 15 days the deadline for fill...	0							
1	purim's dancer runs in the 7th  today. the local goat must be wishing her good luck	1							
1	"hammond: we now have a balanced budget with an affordable equipment programme, backed by what will still be the 4th largest defence budget."	1							
1	vanilla bean ice cream sandwich with chocolate ganache - chandler may	0							
1	taking a trip to wichita state tomorrow w/ my little brother. any alumni/wichitans with recos? #sarcasmnotwelcome	0							
1	"august 13th #photooftheday is #animal. let me explain this one. every year before the iditarod, we have a \r"	0							
1	"7th & monroe is also only 2 blocks s, 1 block w of the metro exit on catholic side. follow mbt signs"	0							
1	"why the hell does selma have school tomorrow but parlier, clovis & others don't?"	-1							
1	"fca is tomorrow, i'd love to see you there kenadee"	1							
1	who is going to the #unitedsoundsofafrica concert tomorrow at irving plaza nyc? cc	0							
1	this is true...... dude ying yang twins are playing on the green tomorrow	1							
1	as we patiently awaitrt  back in studio putting final touches to the #album...should be out nxt week friday.	1							
1	"#np bagsakan by parokya ni edgar, gloc 9 and francis m. <3 i may sound baduy but it's the only tagalog song nga nindooooot jod kaayo dmd <3"	1							
1	arsenal v sunderland: new signing louis saha set to lead the line in absence of stephane sessegnon: sun...  #arsenal	0							
1	gm sat slide down big bangs #jayz will be in the building	0							
1	"on tuesday, directioners around the globe were given the opportunity to get their biggest questions if u want more info suscribe yes on here"	0							
1	"if you guys don't have plans saturday night, now you do! come down to the rex theatre on e carson st and support my dude"	1							
1	tottenham hotspur boss andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for brazilian willian.  #bpl	0							
1	"tomb raider box art revealed:  square enix released the final box art for tomb raider, due out march 5. the art ..."	0							
1	monday feels a little easier after safc res fantastic win...and the mackems couldnt even beat us with 10 in own backyard #alwaysinourshadow	1							
1	come see    and david taylor at pivopivo with me next saturday	0							
1	andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for brazilian willian. -jla	0							
1	"karthikeyan in 22nd is already being warned by his hrt engineer that he needs to cool the brakes, with 53 laps still to go. #f1"	-1							
1	"aww :/ im pissed cause i cant download unbroken on youtube anymore sigh, and im also going to the cinema tomorrow :d"	-1							
1	"attending the world music festival? bring in your ticket and receive a wrap and drink for only $5! fri, sept 21; mon, sept 24-thurs, sept 27"	0							
1	"show tomorrow night at club pulse with projections, above the broken + a bunch more. only $5 at 5:00 pm. if..."	0							
1	"#edshow if you think romney is throwing the sink, you should've seen selma in august. the incumbent had republican backing..."	0							
1	"what have you got for tomorrow? i have over 2.5 in espanyol - bilbao, sociedad to win and osauna - 0.25."	1							
1	thank you st david for $7 parking on a home game saturday. #aff2012	1							
1	awesome photo of the snow starting in west liberty! may we broadcast with credit to you?	1							
1	it's almost time 4 kandi factory cuz march 4th is just round da corner. if u do another season i want 2 try out again. lol i'm ready!	1							
1	tjo today i heard that eskom's rebate is untill march for the solar. its nice to be connected	1							
1	long weekend kicked off tomorrow with jack white. heebie jeebies	1							
1	jgh from spc with yfc 3rd years. masaya na nakakalungkot. i hope for our change guys. #yfcpublishingisulong	1							
1	#jedward wins the last at #newmarket. tom segal of the racing post will be back tomorrow to preview every race at the #julyfestival. #racing	1							
1	*chandigarh is the capital of the two states of  panjab and haryana. *march 23 -world meteorological day. *march 21- world forestry day.	0							
1	yes we have the nufc vs west brom live on our tv's newcastle united are back at st james park for the 1st time in...	1							
1	buzzing for the game against derby at white hart lane next saturday. #pufc #utp	1							
1	via  bpl issues to be decided nov 1: bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the ...	0							
1	raiders vs buccaneers game coverage: the raiders take on the tampa bay buccaneers this sunday in oakland and the...	0							
1	spurs manager andre villas-boas was proud of the commitment shown by his men after they held off a fast-finishing southampton on sunday.	1							
1	with those winnings u can play chesters shot games tomorrow.	1							
1	australian directioners just had a heart attack. the news said that you boys were back here in oct/nov :-( #nottrue ? x	-1							
1	tryna get in the bed witha..and put my 3rd leg inna	0							
1	cian an..huhuhu.... mybe tomorrow going to putrajaya..	0							
1	"rui en, hahaha. then 2nd female lead is wang xinru. but the main person in the show is xiaogui bahs."	0							
1	\when they came out with istep a few years ago...\ a few years ago? dude i've been taking tests since i was in 1st grade #im28 #uroutoftouch	0							
1	get the skinny on verizon announces ice cream sandwich for motorola droid bionic: after waiting for what may hav...	1							
1	just found my iditarod powerpoint on a disc from like 7th grade...........	0							
1	the red fort is very cool. my favorite place so far. workshop starts tomorrow then one more day left.	1							
1	"by botching case against lieberman, israel's ag may have made way for his union with netanyahu"	-1							
1	can't wait until next friday. imma see my big bro swiper and the boul young savage perform.	1							
1	got a pandomonthly ticket to hear a fireside chat w/ reid hoffman thursday in sf. i'll report on it or hopefully a buddy can fill in for me.	0							
1	looking ahead:gov. haley will visit honda in timmonsville tomorrow at 1:30pm. she'll then visit the governor's school in hartsville at 3pm	0							
1	just met the players for the 1st time: this roger johnson fella walks around like he owns the place. so i debagged him & flicked his helmet!	-1							
1	"\ saf: \obviously, we'll make changes for wednesday. the squad that played against nufc will be in place again.\"	0							
1	i have no doubt that wiggins will win tour de romandie tomorrow. second stage race win after paris-nice. he's so going to be on tdf podium!	1							
1	watching the #49ers game from sunday night and i see why cliff avril was throwing fits. he was getting his butt kicked all night	-1							
1	check out the box art for tomb raider: what do we think? the new tomb raider is out march 5...	0							
1	"for all you cyclists and film fans, today is the start of the bicyclefilmfestival  at the barbican centre until sunday!"	1							
1	home now and i am sacked out with my puppy on my couch on the afternoon sun after a long thursday... douglas adams was a genius #hhgttg	1							
1	"- joseph prince (fb):don't worry about tomorrow! jesus, your divine servant, has gone ahead of you, p...don't wo..."	1							
1	kinder morgan foundation grants of $1000-$5000 for education are due the 10th of each month.	0							
1	can any1 guess what year tom segal's pricewise coloum last tipped a british flat winner on the turf on a sat or sun?	0							
1	"it is the 6th straight 1st round submission not 6th straight 1st minute ko, miesha tate did go 4:00+ with her. get it right!"	-1							
1	real good game here: laguna hills stuns dana hills with 4th quarter comeback (video)	1							
1	"on election day, november 6 mdc will be having class as a make up day. we will see all of our dance iii lovelies then!"	1							
1	seabuiscuit just ran by.. must be warming up for the kentucky derby  tomorrow... we need to set fire to adele right meow	0							
1	"im moving back to houston on the 9th, i can live here nomore ! monroe to fcked up!!"	-1							
1	or sjp's evil twin who's plotting to put out the sun.	-1							
1	awww i miss you girls too!! and yes tomorrow night ill see you at young life! :)	1							
1	rui en should be 1st lead. confirm. she is good eh. i like her scene with her niece and yangyang. chemistry damn good.	1							
1	looking forward to friday day and night! excited to be involved in the seminar portion at drexel and the show at...	1							
1	joes will be off road on monday and tuesday due to the impending storm.  stay safe and hope to see you wednesday at drexel!	0							
1	"lpg price hike put on hold: facing stiff opposition, the centre on thursday night put on hold the rs. 26.50 incr..."	-1							
1	i have snuck into the sunday night vip party at acl.. got to meet dave grohl and party open bar style	0							
1	this friday the food & film series presents the jim henson cult classic labyrinth at the miners foundry cultural...	0							
1	"i debated it 1st, but now i totally agree, followed by poetic justice.."	1							
1	should play april's mom. so the great kristin chenoweth can also be on. what an amazing episode that could be!	1							
1	"iebc may hold the most modern & credible elections, but that wont stop kenya from burning again if the intolerance we r witnessing continues"	-1							
1	"in an odd sort of clearance sale, the kremlin announced on monday that it is putting up a draft horse and a pony ..."	0							
1	thanks everybody for the bday wishes!! gonna have a big celebration tomorrow at ostend!!!  cherry moon retro...	1							
1	today is the day lol 2nd annual fish fry @ big bangs	1							
1	"you know you're in sf when, on a thurs night at 6pm, there are people lined up around the block to see reid hoffman."	0							
1	"today is the anniversary of f.scott fitzgerald's birth (116 yrs), dr. seuss's death (21) & the 1st pub. of the hobbit (75) via"	0							
1	"february stars, 15 years old and still one of the best songs dave grohl has ever written. #fact"	1							
1	"cool, come to monday group, they would love it, we often do day trips out together, fire station, world book day and stuff!"	1							
1	"i may just pee my pants. i am within inches of rhonda rousey! gosh, she is pretty! but not as pretty as my wife."	1							
1	"sitting on my luggage and smelling jerusalem ,click like if you hope to visit israel soon . december tour..."	0							
1	how they gone kill u on da 1st episode of the new season of breakout kings? damn no more eye candy. miss you	-1							
1	mcilroy keeps a steady hand during the honda classic second round | golf channel  via	1							
1	i still remember those days when demi was tweeting lyrics from unbroken and now she's tweeting lyrics from her 4th album! im so excited! <3	1							
1	"going to cobham tomorrow, beyond excited."	1							
1	"black triangle sighting in perryton, texas on october 20th 2012 - black object that obscured the sky and stars: ..."	0							
1	#wordtomymuva i'm going to that lakers vs heat game feb 10th in miami #iamnotpetty	0							
1	animal planet has a show that just shows puppies...guess i know how i'm spending my saturday's for the next 20 years or so.	0							
1	"mr. scoggins, will you be down in knoxville next saturday? if so, you should stop by and say hi."	0							
1	quick panch run with dozer and ying turns into me getting home at 1230 on monday. #collegeproblems	0							
1	lg spectrum ice cream sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow:  starting tomorrow owners of the lg spectr...  #apps	0							
1	"mysoginists, if you rush into sex, in limbaugh of true love, you may end up with a fluke pregnancy, your footsteps in the sandra, alone."	0							
1	did you know unlv and ucla are playing saturday? so are texas and gonzaga. secret scrimmages part deux from	0							
1	"now that the sun is on him, my iguana is more active."	1							
1	can't wait for iss tomorrow.... not but at least ill have kenna with me	1							
1	"happy birthday wilt chamberlain! he may be dead, but was also known for being stiff when he was alive."	1							
1	i love watching mersey side derbys but you just know mariner will ruined it in the 1st 10 minutes	1							
1	"fca tomorrow!  what does a butterfly, a circus and you have in common?"	0							
1	"on tha real tho... i don't care if you never go to your schools young life, you should definitely go to all city tomorrow night... #yl"	1							
1	you staying up to watch paris-nice stage tonight? should be exciting!	1							
1	"who is ready to party with us, march fourth marching band, and mthds this saturday night at the gothic theatre?..."	1							
1	idc if tomorrow decides to be a shitty day i'm gonna make it the best goddamn day ever. #determined	1							
1	stoked about knicks vs celtics ! 1st nba game .	1							
1	kalo messi??rt  pic: jose mourinho with sun mingming (chinese basket ball player & one of the ...	0							
1	ermagerd! conor oberst   is playing the barbican centre in february. i must find a way.	1							
1	i get the number 11 on a wednesday and the st david's school bus on a thursday because it drops off at air bus xx	0							
1	. phase two kicks off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd  via	0							
1	"happy birthday  ! national bieber day . now he's 18th years, but he's #stillkidrauhl #indonesiasayshbdforjustinbieber"	1							
1	maria when are you going to sleep? coz i may go get my glasses right after school -_- but we'll talk w ana bl 6aree2 ! :d	0							
1	trifecta....lions win...tigers win....tigers win again = a good sunday siting on the couch.	1							
1	so in marching band we're supposed to have music memorized for saturday...i've had it down since band camp #whoops #overachiever #dontmindme	1							
1	#state is giving #ulol the business...long pass play from aplin to jones - red wolves up 20-0 2nd q #sunbelt	1							
1	skipping school tomorrow and going to tennessee instead. #soundsgoodtome	1							
1	"premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, ashley young & jonn..."	0							
1	gym n the a.m. taking my baby to the park tomorrow then studio!!!! goodnight!! 'maybe'	0							
1	david miliband on #bbcqt! this is going to be a wild thursday night!	1							
1	have you got your tickets yet for our performance of beethoven 'missa solemnis' at barbican centre on 17 october?...	0							
1	\counting\ by christina grimmie reminds me of nashville. i always listen to it on the roadtrip. saturday will be no exception :)	1							
1	"this saturday, cherry moon will burst with some raw beatzzz from the masters. you like it raw???"	0							
1	"yesss,, omg!!! i think myungsoo in my 2nd place after gyu, he's replacing hoya now"	1							
1	"this mess is coming towards us tomorrow. spc has a slight risk out for tomorrow, and we'll know more about what it..."	-1							
1	"watched the cabin in the woods, silent house, psycho, and the rocky horror picture show today! yay! :)) tomorrow iba naman ulit! :d"	1							
1	tryna make tomorrow much better	1							
1	"thank you! if one of the rabbis on campus can come by today with purim greetings, so can you!"	1							
1	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's game...	-1							
1	apparently there is an office for the feast of blessed pope john paul ii which is on monday;  #win #catholic #prayer	0							
1	#NAME?	1							
1	"c'mon lovatics, beliebers, directioners, swifties, barbz..everybody! please treat others as you want others to be against you! #demitofrance"	0							
1	my sister and i are going to sm this saturday afternoon to watch lorax. i am so asking my dad for popcorn money. :))	1							
1	if i ever celebrated halloween i'd either be janet jackson from poetic justice or the girl w/ the braids from friday :d	1							
1	#3dt begins this thursday at the \s.e.c\ #signatureeventcenter 2001 south lumpkin rd $3 w/ college id $5 w/ regular id til 11pm!!! #iparty	0							
1	"harris english may be playing some incredible golf at the moment, but the ap still labels his photos as \zach johnson.\"	1							
1	timmonsville residents live with guns behind locked doors --	0							
1	starts friday night irving plaza nyc me and  touring with chiodos <- stoked	1							
1	#rugby: danny care will start the final test against south africa on saturday in a much-changed england team....	0							
1	i will once again be missing another brookwood event that everyone will be talking about tomorrow because of soccer #whatsnew	-1							
1	red wolves hoops picked to finish second in their sun belt division. i want to believe. i want to believe. i want to believe.	1							
1	what a move by briscoe!! and just before the yellow. hrt is on the march!! #gc600 #v8sc	1							
1	you think aj is a 1st rd pick in the league?	0							
1	she is the perfect theme song for a homie out on saturday night with a bottle of rohypnol	1							
1	"\\a single-vehicle crash early sunday morning claimed the life of a selma teen. james brandon banks, 19, was..."	-1							
1	"#forbes the nyse, nasdaq and the other us stock markets all made a wise decision to take rain days on monday and..."	0							
1	best line ever as abby \he wears $3000 sun glasses & has justin beiber on his harddrive cant we arrest him for that?	1							
1	'simchat torah bash!' at the chaplains tomorrow night at 9! a night you will enjoy as much as purim! see event for more details!	1							
1	directioners!! now we have to prove that we are a big family!! on friday released video for the song little things	1							
1	thank you! i will see you tomorrow for more uncharted banging and tomb raider talk :d	1							
1	"anderson cooper and kristin chenoweth on his coming out: anderson live premiered monday, with kristi...  #gay, #lgbt"	0							
1	tomorrow. 6 million directioners will just cry and watch the video in silence. #littlethings	-1							
1	really looking forward to the passion 4 pink event tomorrow night at medusa in brownsville. it's perfect for a...	1							
1	downloaded joseph prince - keep your eyes on jesus - 10 jun 2012  with #realplayer	0							
1	when did wilt chamberlain have time for basketball?: tuesday marked the birthday of greatest athlete to come fro...	1							
1	sat's kids' club is a halloween special! labyrinth (pg) with spooky treasure hunt+ activities from 10:30am. directed by jim henson	0							
1	i will be performing at the dc star on september 1st hope yall can come thru!	1							
1	woody are you going to do another mail monday with fps russia cause the last one was hilarious that was by far my fav#genius	1							
1	opening night warriors vs. suns: second half game thread:    0:00 remaining in the 2nd  1 2 3 4 total  golden st...	0							
1	may as well sign up scott dann and roger johnson whilst your at it.	0							
1	two guest list tickets to give away for joan armatrading's show at st david's on thursday keep it locked to find out more!	0							
1	"ok, going to be with  on saturday at sm bacolod, to meet my crush!!! boom! xd!! hahahahqa"	1							
1	"tonight $2 tipsy tuesdays at 1433 arch street at big bangs good food, music, and $2 drinks at ( 15th & arch"	1							
1	steve emerson interview on shameful us response to islamist riots on sun tv :: ipt in the news :: the investigat...  via	-1							
1	i reckon in 6 years time i'll be in with a chance of fucking pixie lott if i bump into her on a night out. rohypnol may be required.	-1							
1	lorenzo brown gave nervous #ncstate fans one less thing to worry about on tuesday in spain:	1							
1	"some had been saying he'd peaked, even back in paris-nice in march when the leaves hadn't come out on the trees. he's serving hat sauce now."	0							
1	just watched the whole 2nd season of breakout kings only to find out they canceled the fucking show -.-	-1							
1	perhaps then it may be time soon. it's a good idea loaning longo out to espanyol then	1							
1	"state qualifiers, young life, short day tomorrow lifes pretty damn good(;"	1							
1	"fancy an enhanced acca on your sunday morning? take the 9/1 on espanyol, lazio & heracles all winning!"	1							
1	"just saw rhonda rousey will be at ufc event in seattle december 8. you should have the rematch here, near home!"	0							
1	dont miss this tonight and tomorrow!   big day of the dead celebration!...	1							
1	"yeah the big bangs are like, the second rarest l9s anyway, so i'll get them, they'll be here on like, fri if i order them 2day"	0							
1	\eskom's #entrepreneurship #education simama ranta\ 9 provincial winning schools exhibit at coca-cola dome 13 - 16 september. see you there	1							
1	me myles and will are all sat in chesters bed with chester on the floor. drinking. playing fifa. feel like a boy	1							
1	drexel cancels classes. drexel medicine clinic hours are canceled all day monday & on tuesday until at least 12pm due to weather	0							
1	"asikkk nanti di konser java jazz ada kak sierranya,hmm it's a good news!*lirik"	1							
1	e l james is writing a 4th book to the fifty shades series! it will be out before christmas :)	0							
1	with the 28th pick...the #packers select some fat punter out of wichita st.	0							
1	24in. haman head pinata - purim jewish holiday party game: celebrate purim with this haman pinata! this pinata m...	0							
1	can't wait to see the lakers tomorrow!	1							
1	jesus shuttlesworth heat vs lakers ralph mcquarrie #top100femalelies is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0							
1	our 1st sec contact about nyse delay (7/2010) was none other than mark donohue. same guy who botched early madoff inquiry.	-1							
1	"this is one of my favourite things about chesters, the pizza's taste fantastic! alternative to a sunday lunch?"	1							
1	"sorry to the directioners, beliebers, lovatics, and team grimmie people who don't like btr but tomorrow is going to be all to kendall."	-1							
1	australian directioners! does anyone know what time the mtt premire is tomorrow? xx	0							
1	tomorrow may be my last day in tennessee	0							
1	pack's brown looks to rebound: lorenzo brown and the wolfpack are hoping today's game against the d...  #raleighnews	1							
1	let's end my friday madness set with some vintage francis m. #coldsummernights	0							
1	captain darren sammy just announced windies will be \playing for runako morton\ during 3rd odi. \tribute a great team man and brother\	1							
1	new: listen to our monday morning interview with cliff avril: tough loss to the titans...  // <![cdata[ limeligh...	-1							
1	if you like the sound of that it's on at 8pm every wednesday on the animal planet channel	1							
1	ted nugent said it best when he was recently asked: what is america's single worst problem? apathy. i'd argue ignorance is a very close 2nd.	1							
1	"\grace means you give something they may not deserve, but you give it to them anyway.\ - joseph prince"	0							
1	"everybody needa fw  nov 3rd. doors open @ 8. ppl w/polo & leggings $5 before 9  on the spins, maino on the mic!"	0							
1	gabe carimi called for his 2nd holding and 3rd in 2 games. but got lucky with offsetting calls. its his first time facing de cliff avril.	1							
1	#2 in the bcs! let's all enjoy this moment in the sun. it's been a long time coming for the wildcat faithful! #emaw	1							
1	yup. well we had a fun but small conversation but i'll talk to you tomorrow. goodnight maria. ;)	1							
1	"yes, it is us: \ black triangle sighting in plainfield, illinois on january 4th 2000 - large triangle ...  \ #aliens"	0							
1	are you really saying that fps russia plays with airsoft guns...c'mon he doesn't need that he's got the real shit	1							
1	"idc, i'm supporting my boyfriend tomorrow. he's the only boy i look for on the field #55 #beast #damnright"	1							
1	tomorrow! if yu havent marked it in yur calender...do it now! christina grimmie on dwts! history will be made!	1							
1	"adhitia sofyan on java jazz, march 3rd, can't wait! give me a day off, please..."	1							
1	"real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sunday's la liga trip to real mallorca, with sami khedira, ..."	0							
1	"premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, ashley yo...  #football"	0							
1	you do remember he was 3rd in the kentucky derby behind #illhaveanother & #bodemeister right?	0							
1	it may finally be the lakers vs heat #nba finals matchup due to the harden trade.	0							
1	espanyol keeps on struggeling: 19th in la liga & losing the copa del rey against sevilla in de last ten minutes '83 and '93 (3-1).	-1							
1	and apparently it's also national bieber day (young justin's 18th birthday) as well as st david's day and #worldbookday	0							
1	our business club's networking dinner with eskom's cfo paul o'flaherty is on 29 october. book with lisa 0118704263	0							
1	bjp members walk out from jpc meeting on 2g: bharatiya janata party (bjp) members on tuesday walked out of the p...	-1							
1	take care (geddit) to see a celebration of harold pinter at ip on sat aug 25 with celebrated actor julian sands - 01943 609539 for tickets	1							
1	this saturday i'll be playing b2b with dark-e at sjoekoe bday bash ( cherry moon ). be there!!!  full line up:...	1							
1	"this new shirt, with a quote from dr. seuss, reminds us that weird we may be, but love is just as weird!"	0							
1	"premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, a...  #football #soccer"	0							
1	"i added a video to a  playlist  francis m. - history of the disease - march 7, 20"	0							
1	"#vashon is already abuzz with the news that 2013 strawberry festival is the 3rd week of july. calanders are being marked, plans being made."	0							
1	act at hf tomorrow. but i need a calculator with programs. who got one i can borrow!?	0							
1	pakistan cricket board hopeful of bangladesh visit: karachi: pakistan's cricket board said on sunday it hopes to...	1							
1	"love shepard fairey's work and in particular this portrait of bob dylan, the reluctant spokesman:"	1							
1	"tryna prepare myself for this concert sunday. two of the greatest hip-hop/r&b artist on the same stage, same"	1							
1	"btw, whoever decided to use rohypnol as a date rape drug, may you get creepy diseases and may you wish to die every second of your life! >_<"	-1							
1	ahhh song joongki.... why you still on the 3rd place ?? *sobs*	-1							
1	happy birthday roman abramovich. treat yourself to a nice present in january. i think radamel falcao would fit the bill nicely.	1							
1	"make sure you tune into  on  tomorrow from 1pm to 3pm, special guest young savage"	1							
1	prior to last night the greatest thing austin rivers did in my book was make lorenzo brown fall at the nc pro-am	1							
1	get excited for the local q birthday bash on friday night by checking out the band profile of trifecta here:	1							
1	"happy birthday to the late, great jim henson. changed the world of entertainment. may have to stick a muppet film on in tribute later"	1							
1	had a great night at the club and now just chilling before going to the pit of doom for the night! will be playing hf again tomorrow.....	1							
1	i'll let killing joke deal with my sunday night blues instead. that's dave grohl on drums too.	0							
1	free psn game on psn game is zen pinball 2. free game on playstation network. as of oct 1 2012. get it now while its free. usa psn	1							
1	regus 3rd place site opening throughout europe. check out the new uk locations at beaconsfield and cobham.	0							
1	"an incredible day in west liberty, ky. a small but strong community moving forward after march 2 tornadoes."	1							
1	lpg consumers can now fill up kyc form till nov 15: the government has extended by 15 days the deadline for filling...	0							
1	"fb: warriors fans can pick up the 3rd quarter of esu's 35-28 win vs west chester (oct 6) right now on root sports (directv 659, dish 428)"	0							
1	mersey side derby then the nfl at wembley. nice little sunday lined up.	1							
1	"cheers  but no luck needed with d 2nd one, i got a supply of rohypnol #ladieshereicome"	1							
1	"we are presenting at the mrwa's annual trifecta on sept 12 in northfield, ma. stop by the booth and see utility cloud in action!"	0							
1	this dude from jerusalem say he can't take a test thursday b/c holloween wednesday&he's gonna have a hang over #purehonesty	-1							
1	what should tomorrow night's #kandikoatednight topic be???? -- how i'm going to get on kandi factory!	0							
1	looks for tom boonen but knows he'll be face down in a mountain of sherbet. race day tomorrow. prep of pros	-1							
1	dallas mavericks 1st round draft pick jared cunningham could be heading to the d league when the season starts (source: espn)	0							
1	"let's just say, i call it the casey's trifecta. i'll explain in homeroom tomorrow....after i ask cory to homecoming lol"	1							
1	"wichita st is just a team full of corncobs. also, if they play \we ready\ today, place will explode. #shakeandbakejays #bootstoasses"	1							
1	i want to go see la arolladora banda el limon on sunday october 14 in pico rivera! but ivan doesn't wanna go :( who will go with me? tix $35	-1							
1	"3rd album changes a lot. i know you hate unbroken, but i love it! 1. unbroken, fix a heart, in real life, together, skyscraper"	1							
1	"celebrating st george's day, the bard's birth day or even world book day? april 23rd is a great day for history, heritage & culture. enjoy!"	1							
1	"met you today at cobham!! gave you my twitter? any chance of that follow mate? thanks for stopping, good luck tomorrow dude!!"	1							
1	gonzaga kids will be beaten to death in the blair parking lot on saturday #betthat	-1							
1	"cool couch... sep kamvar, reid hoffman, cesar hidalgo and john maeda with john hockenberry #medialabio"	1							
1	"i love doing that, hey we are running the fox run tomorrow together k ? lets try and beat the record"	1							
1	cafe one?! \they lose dongwoo on a tuesday.\ is the first line is that the right fic no it doesn't seem like it wait link me?! lmao	-1							
1	"each january, a new fafsa is available for the upcoming school year, and completing it is free when you go to the..."	0							
1	"rg-3 showed me a lot of skill 2day but, the nyg & defense secures eli's 24th come from behind victory! forcing 5 turnovers on wsh #hihaterz"	1							
1	lakers vs heat on jan. 17th! it's d wade's b day... i feel bad he'll lose on his birthday lololol	-1							
1	love the iditarod! used to do huge project when i taught 1st! even went for start one year! can't wait to see what you did!	1							
1	"who are the dumb asses who decided to shutdown main st on a friday for a town of 50,000+ for a strawberry festival"	-1							
1	mark martin qualifies 3rd at charlotte. giddy about racing still says \when i stop racing i will still compete\	0							
1	"come and enjoy java jazz on the move  jan 28th ... | -- serpong jauh, cyinn! :p"	1							
1	its tuesday & time for young life! 8:32pm union lyceum. takin' it up a notch tonight! come join us #whywouldyounot	1							
1	at chayas on tuesday me courtney callum and carl all cabbaged on the couch to sleep and courtney had a spasm cos she dreamt that she'd fell	0							
1	hi there. counting down the days until im back in uk and going to see lfc - nufc on sunday from my season ticket seat in the kop!	0							
1	can't wait 4 mon!    check out bill carter's piece in the  : \prime-time stern\	1							
1	come on down to  106 this monday at 7pm and help us welcome guest speaker nicole goldman of the jim henson entertainment company!	0							
1	"laguna hills phone fox tuesday comedy sizzle: catch the premieres of new girl, ben and kate an...  telephone systems"	0							
1	not too late to come down to our monday night open mic to sing or just have a good time!  iguana 240 w 54 st. will be here till 9 pm	1							
1	"#ncst extend their biggest lead of the game with a lorenzo brown trey. up 11 pt, 47-36, mid 2nd half!"	0							
1	this time tomorrow i will be at alexandra palace seeing jack white live for the second time in the last two months:d	1							
1	have a look at the sat ko games for nufc and i'll come out for a game and stop out.. maybe a 3pm or 5.30pm ko	0							
1	1st i thought he was david ruffin impersonator. then i thought he was a backup singer for miguel. sn: your c	0							
1	just got him tickets to the knicks vs celtics game on october 20 lmfao how mad would he be ?	1							
1	"joseph prince - none of us, all of christ! - 14 oct 2012:  via  how much of god's grace do you need?"	0							
1	saturday 27/10/12 regal in session with the big tunes crew @ the iguana reading more niceness to keep ya skanking hard.	1							
1	national council on patient information & education celebrates its 30th anniversary! thanks 4 helping many learn about patient & med safety	1							
1	got plans tonight?  join us at aj's on poyntz for thursday night live!  jessica furney will be playing 7-9 pm	0							
1	looking forward to preaching at plant city's first baptist sunday @ 6:30pm. new city church will be baptizing 2 into the kingdom. praise god	1							
1	geoff shackelford: honda classic ratings up 78%: michael hiestand with the	0							
1	tonight!!! we proudly pres. our 7th halloween party with limewax & many more - this time at studio 21 (twenty one)	1							
1	"this saturday green velvet back at cherry moon! together with deg, frank zolex, youri parker & dj ghost! be part..."	0							
1	at least i'm going to eastern tomorrow. livonia can scratch my balls.	-1							
1	two completely different days.  world book day is for kids march 1 2012.  this day is world book night - for adults...	0							
1	glow in the dark t-shirt workshop at grange playcentre on thur 1.11.12 (tomorrow) 10-11.30 am	0							
1	"tomorrow,physician of the year dinner &other crap but fluke comes first kay? i loveth you to infity to the infinitieth power"	1							
1	vanessa and denies are coming shopping with me on black friday.!	0							
1	happy 15th anniversity kuya gloc9 you are number 1 rapper and francis m. .........	1							
1	that's it for the week. i'll talk again later after i my mb and cs class. in other news simcity is a passalong and venus goes over the sun.	0							
1	can't wait to see  in south africa on the 14th dude is on another level... check this out	1							
1	shield kids event october 5th  bar n grill in pico rivera come n help support the fundraiser 4 abused and abandon children	0							
1	"spread the word! the workshop is dayton, oh is not cancelled! i will be in ohio tomorrow & i'll be at the party saturday night!"	0							
1	busy preparing for izzy's mini masterclasses in the studio tomorrow. decadent chocolate ganache torte to welcome our attendees. good idea?	0							
1	"simcity delayed, now erecting on march 5: if you were thrilled by the recent lenghty demonstration of simcity or..."	0							
1	"bro get that fafsa done tomorrow, last day."	0							
1	"wrecking ball video might get pushed back, we find out tuesday what's going to happen"	0							
1	i miss one day & it seems like they're about to give me iss tomorrow. #wtf #pt	-1							
1	come join us at the walmart \i love my car\ event this friday and saturday in pico rivera! games and give-aways for the whole family.	1							
1	25-21 warriors at the end of the 1st. bogut looking good in the opening 6 points in 6 minutes 3 rebs. steph looks a little nervous	1							
1	"i wish stevie tv was on i'd be laughing right now, well,pandora it is !"	1							
1	i will see him perform at club pulse tomorrow so happy lol my bday... come party with me having a...  <via #instagram>	1							
1	early finish tomorrow.. getting my bike out if it don't rain...then sky fall.. and lots of beers on saturday... rest sunday... good weekend!	1							
1	euro parliament may freeze contacts with duma until russia holds free and fair elections   - breaking news buzz	0							
1	"the total number of distressed properties for sale declined for the 4th straight week to 282 in fairfax, loudoun, and arlington"	0							
1	"the word is that good morning america will air a piece on the yoga face tomorrow betwen 8 and 9 am, eastern..."	0							
1	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm!! #fvsu rrrrrrtttttt	0							
1	will you get your driver to stop outside cobham tomorrow so i can have a picture with you?#chatoscar	0							
1	"yes, it is us: \ black triangle sighting in pompano beach, florida on october 28th 2012 - basically it...  \ #aliens"	0							
1	"yea , i just been in iss i'll be back tomorrow"	0							
1	ralph mcquarrie #top100femalelies melo paul pierce dallas put my lamar odom in the d league tho!	0							
1	getting ready to head to pico rivera to meet  up with my #halloween stylist  trying to get a look together by tomorrow night!	0							
1	i love dr. aq!! :-) kamran shahid interviewed him today.i suggest u to watch it	1							
1	photo: good monday morning and happy world book day! :3 (taken with instagram)	1							
1	"track meet tomorrow south florence, timmonsville, and the worlds finnest west florence #tracknation"	0							
1	i'll make you the cd's while at work so you may add it to your collection if you like! lol :) girl poetic justice n gold alpinas!	1							
1	"planned maintenance for the playstation network scheduled for monday, october 15th from 4am to 4pm pacific time 7am to 7pm eastern#reminder"	0							
1	"don't forget, wednesday night is the weekly amateur contest at showgirls in plant city. come see me emcee! $300 cash prizes."	1							
1	5 page paper due tomorrow and what am i doing with my time? watching the animal planet. #weeeeeee	1							
1	tomorrow night if u in milwaukee stop thru club pulse and check us out... across the street from the bradley center	0							
1	"campbell must feel like he's won the lottery tonight. sat in sjp, on a european night, with krul, coloccini, cabaye, ben arfa, ba and shola."	1							
1	"siu up 2 sets to 0 at drake (25-16, 27-25), looking to keep sole possession of 4th place in mvc. just underway in the 3rd set"	0							
1	"now that the attitude of a real winner. hey, justin biebers manager may just be looking to sign you ..."	1							
1	"had a great conversation with a guy at 16th & mission after he gave me his last book for world book day. it was nifty, dude!"	1							
1	"your going to be tamping etc etc come sunday evening, up the mackems"	0							
1	can u tweet me updates from the warriors game tomorrow?	0							
1	knicks vs celtics is just a 3pt shootout new york has 9 and there's 5 mins left in the 2nd	0							
1	don't get me on the topic of andrew breitbart again. i cried like a child last saturday.	-1							
1	"oh wait if george osborne gets shipped out to space on the b ark from douglas adams' book, he's going to demand an upgrade to 1st class..."	-1							
1	#tbt a year ago tomorrow i would have met the amazing christina grimmie :) #takemeback	1							
1	"psa: since i got my cast off, i will be taking my 2k talents to the playstation network and asking for names to play me saturday morning!"	0							
1	"thursday night football open thread - buccaneers vs. vikings: tonight, the tampa bay buccaneers will take on the..."	0							
1	free showing of the \lorax\ this friday night after trunk or treat at j.p. riddle stadium.	0							
1	we can't wait to see what the cast members at capt. eo do when they see me tomorrow in my costume.	1							
1	mark martin: morning! *yawn*  good weekend so far?   'like' this status if you're having a lazy sunday or...	1							
1	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's game against the minnes...	-1							
1	i tried to get into breakout kings. shit redundant after like the 5th episode lol. no wonder it got cancelled.	-1							
1	jack welch and mort zuckerman are always on giving 'wisdom'. isn't their business style part of what made this mess in the 1st. #leansix	-1							
1	best of luck to  at illinois state tonight!  domination of the 2nd half of the mvc season starts tonight! #rolltimber	1							
1	you need to come to the houston rodeo in march!	1							
1	"vanessa's gonna be at the soccer field tomorrow, not the gym-- she forced me to tell you :)"	1							
1	zionsville students did well on istep! see the results and quotes from school superintendent scott robison in tomorrow's paper!	1							
1	(native) america day is coming up next thursday!  and i are going all out. #jointhetribe #mysoulisnative	1							
1	first thing mon needs to do tomorrow is get on the phone to spurs and insist that danny rose is not returning to white hart lane #safc #ftm	0							
1	yeah i'm pretty sure i'm going to selma tomorrow.	1							
1	"australian directioners, little things will be played on the radio at 5pm on monday afternoon on the hits radio."	0							
1	"i dreamt i sat with  at a star wars event, eating  lamb 86, watching james lipton interview ralph mcquarrie."	0							
1	rattlestick recommends imagining madoff! check it out on sunday at 3p at the jcc in manhattan! more info at	0							
1	"come with me, and you will see    and david taylor at pivopivo tomorrow night"	1							
1	bbsr: autorickshaw union calls for 12-hr strike tomorrow in the city protesting against fuel price hike and cap on lpg #odisha	0							
1	"pakistan to talk counterterrorism with us, afghans: pakistan's foreign minister revealed thursday that her country would soon hold co..."	0							
1	the earliest you can complete your 2013-2014 fafsa is january 1st and our priority deadline is march 1st. you must fill one out every year!	0							
1	"fan-acc] 120921 incheon airport: while waiting to board the plane, dongwoo sat on top of woohyun's leg !! xd ~ (cr: weibo)	0	1	11101011110100, 110100, 11100001101, 111010111100, 111111010110, 111101011000, 111101101101, 111101101100, 011110111111011, 11111101011110, 10111110, 01111000010, 10110, 10010, 11101011001010, 1110100, 11100110010, 1010, 100111010, 1110101101111011, 10001111, 1110101111100, 111101111100010, 111100101101110, 1110101111101"""	0							
1	"playstation network maintenance on october 15: services going offline, possibly to make way for the new ps store..."	0							
1	"tomorrow's monday and i'm looking forward for it. will be hanging out with an old shatec friend of mine, ying. manhattan and ice-skating. :d"	1							
1	walk folder has monk charts/tracks  ---- quartet session this saturday  --- listen to the record	0							
1	i'm planning a winter trip to okinawa and on my way back i want to stay a few days in saga and maybe fukuoka in early january.	0							
1	"i recognized bomi cause she's my 2nd fav... <3 btw, if i'll ever marry hoya, i'll buy him a yoonjae dog... *.*"	1							
1	"and the new tomb raider has been given a release date, roll on march 5th."	0							
1	just got back home. tired. hopefully i can 'walkkkkkk' for world walking day tomorrow. see you at putrajaya :)	1							
1	it is a big day in henryville as students displaced by the march 2 tornadoes finally return to class at their new...	0							
1	"australian directioners! up all night tour dvd will be posted tomorrow, you guys should be getting them some time on friday or so."	0							
1	dee dee ramone's exhibition of visual work opens tomorrow! dee dee & shepard fairey prints for sale at the opening! friday 8pm-11pm	1							
1	"big redd, young savage and reed dollaz will be on stage tomorrow night! philly it's going down!!"	1							
1	free trial of nba league pass until nov 7th check it out on	0							
1	hahaha did you see how upset aj was during the susan g coleman segment on monday :/	0							
1	check out some live jazz music from david taylor and tom ogunribido today from 12-2pm in the lpc student center 2nd floor dining area!	0							
1	arrw how cute is aj and the boys #ifoundyou ready to be downloaded on sunday! x	1							
1	lazy sunday paul pierce is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0							
1	"#vbnss daily digit: exchanges lost $1 mln a day - oct 31 - nyse, nasdaq, and the cboe each lost about $1 million in ..."	-1							
1	"slept for about 11 hours. i seem to be in quite an odd mood. ah well,  in play offs tonight (2am) and jack white on sunday!!!"	-1							
1	tryna get this math lab out the way! half tonight then half tomorrow.	0							
1	stevie from stevie tv inspired my look for the party... i can't wait to go jet black!	1							
1	"gadkari on attack mode, says ready for any probe: bjp president nitin gadkari on wednesday took on the congress ..."	0							
1	the lovely  is apparently coming to st david's hall in january. swooooooooooooonnnnn	1							
1	do not be afraid to be saints. be open to the lord so that he may guide you in all your ways. [bl. pope john paul ii	1							
1	marvel's phase two kicks off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd:  briefly: if halloween i...  -danferguson.me	0							
1	"hoping rob elliot gets his chance too,as much as i love harper, he was clearly off pace on monday,krul would have seen us win 2-0 #nufc #uel"	1							
1	it seems right back is a problem at the minute. shotton was awful on tuesday.	-1							
1	"i spelled dongwoo's name as songwoo.. omg, who the hell is songwoo? the 8th infinite member???"	-1							
1	i'm ready to defend the 3 stars & a sun! happy birthday sir francis m!	1							
1	just read an article...e l james is writing a 4th book in the 50 shades series	0							
1	one of my 1st music videos in the 90's is \bad blood\ of  's dad .  an aids awareness video of francis m.	0							
1	"#entertaining football at white hart lane, just the dosage i needed on a rainy saturday afternoon."	1							
1	"all you need to know about the ref for sunday's game, martin atkinson:  sunderland v newcastle #nufc #safc"	0							
1	rw  us: sen john mccain called monday for us to begin another war with airstrikes on syria - breaking news buzz	0							
1	only 2 non-chase drivers in the top 10 -- kyle busch in 4th and mark martin in 8th.#nascar	0							
1	"ouch. yeah, seeing the lakers tomorrow will likely be enough. lol"	0							
1	"gonna write this paper tonight, turn it in, and not look back at it because i get to go home tomorrow so idc."	0							
1	please remember that the deadline for the 1st quarter box tops for education and our trash for cash fundraiser is...	0							
1	"top pct of rushing plays: sea 54.70%, hou 51.84%, wsh 51.07%, buf 47.92%, sf 47.85%... #bears are 9th with 47.04%"	0							
1	"work done for the week, off the spurs tomorrow"	0							
1	weak d and a penalty set up a short td run for eastern.  'cats 17-14 with 2:08 left in 1st half.	-1							
1	good win for nufc. nine changes to sunday's team and still doing well. got to keep this going now. #nufc	1							
1	"baby stroller sale: safety 1st boost air protect booster car seat, dixie with cheap coupon code"	0							
1	men's latest bedroom worry: '50 shades': e l james' 'fifty shades of grey' may be supercharging the sex-drives o...	-1							
1	"mtn is acting like a bitch, eskom e tsere mabone. mxm it really is a monday hey"	-1							
1	jett lounge thursday night!!! it's gonna be hot!!!  come party with me and kenny smoove  he is one of the hottest producers and many more!!!	1							
1	##$$## black friday deals canon ef 70-300mm f/4-5.6 is usm zoom lens with hoya uv filter + hood + accessory kit for ...	0							
1	peter whittingham now officially overtaken the mighty roger johnson as my favorite ccfc player ever! more of the same tuesday please	1							
1	trifecta will be performing at the 19th green in jeffersonville in on thursday sept 6 @ 8pm!  come join the party!	1							
1	i'm going to be in brownsville tomorrow	0							
1	"someone, lets go to the marijuana march at little five points on may 5!!! coalition for the abolition of marijuana prohibition #protest"	0							
1	"2nd day of #vinoomankad u19:(odi): haryana, kerala, andhra, tn, mumbai, baroda, up won their matches against j&k, kar, hyd,goa, mh,baroda,up"	0							
1	"...move the remaining teams to the d leagues, champion, moves up to the 16 team league & the 16th place team is bumped down to the d league"	0							
1	physics professor just extended our assignment from 11:30 tonight to 11:30 tomorrow...i guess he isn't the only one drinking. #profgetcrunk	1							
1	"muchoforex new post - utilities stocks, including kinder morgan, making big moves on august 17.... read it now at"	0							
1	"timmonsville's bubba huggins endorses tom rice in the june 26, 7th congressional district republican primary run..."	0							
1	spc is bring giuliana and bill rancic for breast cancer awareness month on october 30th in the gc ballrooms for a free event! check out...	0							
1	"i just found out that it's his birthday last thursday.. :/  ....  belated happy birthday francis m.. :"""	1							
1	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life	-1							
1	"arkansas state 3, ul 0 (10:29, 1st quarter) brian davis nails a 47-yard fg on the red wolves opening drive of the game. #cajuns"	0							
1	"penny dreadful is a record breaker is out in march, just in time for world book day! x"	1							
1	i hope yall not sleeping on the #blackout homecoming party this friday at club pulse. shit is really bout to crinack.	1							
1	"my 1st tweet, chose you  saw u in banff, thankful our snow isn't as damaging as the weather you're dealing with!  keep safe & dry"	1							
1	ommmgggggg you're alwayyyyyyyz in my hrt babi gurl. see you tomorrow!?	1							
1	are you going to sjp tomorrow night pal?	0							
1	"coaches like gonzaga's chances - mon, 29 oct 2012 pst: don't count the zags out after their run of wcc basketball..."	1							
1	"wednesday's laugh:  eskom:  a little old lady answered a knock on the door one day, only to be confronted by a..."	0							
1	urban outfitters. 10% off with college id til sunday night. (doesnt matter how old it is). i hope someone brings their id from ages ago.	0							
1	"alright, just woke up, about to go ball. open lobby tonight and tomorrow, going to be going for crazy 100+s! *cough* desert eagle *cough* ;)"	1							
1	pope john paul ii would kiss the ground on arrival in a new country because there was a good chance that a small boy had sat there once.	1							
1	creighton volleyball leads 8-5 early in 2nd set. match becomes even bigger with both wichita st. & missouri state down 0-1 at home tonight.	1							
1	can't wait to see you guys tomorrow sa gt at sm bacolod! :))	1							
1	i can't even try now cuz it closed at 10pm.. funny though maria said u guys may go away that week? i had asked if she wanted to go	-1							
1	"i go to church every sunday since i was little. i've sinned, but idk. young life is great but they have the wrong idea about"	-1							
1	wilt chamberlain 2 may be the best one	1							
1	awesome cos i was ready to get on the phone at 10am tomorrow to get tickets for st david's hall!! happy days can't wait	1							
1	b2st's current nominated position for mama 2012 best male group (5th place) best global group (4th place) artist of the year (8th place)	0							
1	martin atkinson announced as referee for tyne-wear derby on sunday.  just want the toon to win #nufc.	1							
1	"beloved, don't worry about tomorrow! wake up every morning conscious of jesus' supply. joseph prince"	1							
1	just got back from school :) aaaggghhh  he is 18. i've been having a spazzing attack the whole day :o national bieber day<3  :)	1							
1	 premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szcze...	0							
1	heading to london bringing the sdtrk to shepard fairey -  sound & vision show friday  at truman's brewery.	0							
1	"rt'd tweet: a bit of sunday fun, shot in whitstable, kent and muscat, oman! 'down poured the heavens':"	1							
1	my best friend and i sat there listening to all of your videos and the ones with christina grimmie last night and were awestruck	1							
1	"tong , mew , ying , donut , tang/june , sunee , korn , x , everything lah i love all the cast hehehe"	1							
1	beenie man will be performing at echostage (dc star) next friday for the hu yardfest afterparty (18+ event) contact  for tickets	0							
1	bashaara graves had 17 points and 15 rebounds in her debut with tennessee in an exhibition game on thursday. she played 23 minutes.	0							
1	"omegapharma-quickstep won gold, with a little help from compex! watch out for tony martin (tomorrow) & tom boonen (sunday). fingers crossed!"	1							
1	"last 24hrs covered delhi, passing thru punjab, haryana. tomorrow morning jammu. just loving it!"	1							
1	makin a trip down to see the magic opener tomorrow #yes	0							
1	"ufo sighting: black triangle sighting in perryton, texas on august 11th 2012 - dark triangle shape across the sk..."	0							
1	nufc game the day cant wait! hope  gets another chance had a brilliant game thursday night.  one for the future.	1							
1	we're thrilled that grandpa's workshop is a main feature in the education category of the app store for a 2nd week!	1							
1	"iditarod check-in:  it's 8:45am ak time, where are you   deedee jonrowe mushes on a swamp as the sun sets..."	0							
1	montgomery | selma inventor don chamberlain says he's running against incumbent u.s. rep. terri sewell in tuesday's general election to...	0							
1	"saya mengirim 166 foto di facebook dalam album \java jazz on the move, supermall karawaci\"	0							
1	uk: chancellor osborne try to sneak into 1st class train with standard ticket   - breaking news buzz	-1							
1	#everton news - krul will miss the monday night clash with everton and at least a further couple of ... - chroniclel...	0							
1	boris johnson times. ed moans abt george going 1st class but david miliband travelled by royal jet. #boris johnson	0							
1	\ love! see you tomorrow at sm sta. rosa. 4pm ah! yaaay. :d	1							
1	on a side note.. we have a show with call the shots and set the record on the 17th of november! get your tickets from oztix!	0							
1	i really want  to tweet me since i bought 4 tickets to his concert october 9th irving plaza nyc	1							
1	buses in the white hart lane & high road n17 area may be subject to diversion & delays due to tottenham hotspur match	-1							
1	kinder morgan (kmi) said friday it agrees to pay $110m to settle investors' lawsuits related to its ac...  $kmi	1							
1	knicks vs celtics until they take out melo then gonna watch the yankees game. guess it's looking like a sports saturday night.	0							
1	glad to hear you are a fan of douglas adams... i am on my 7th rerread/listen to #hitchhikersguide	1							
1	congratulations to nmrhs marching band on placing 1st in nesba competition saturday& for winning a gold medal at the micca competition today	1							
1	"ciao, tennessee. hello, kentucky. mali progress. i may actually make it home before the sun comes up."	0							
1	"the words: unbowed, unbent, unbroken under a sun with a spear going through it."	0							
1	aj will you follow me for my birthday? also looking really forward to seeing y'all nov 10! :) my first college game :)	1							
1	"wait so if you were emmalin on army wives, why aren't you still acting? if i may ask. im just so confused haha"	0							
1	"names of those shortlisted 4 interviews manyatta constituency by iebc, r pinned on the iebc notice board embu town.interviews this fri & sat"	0							
1	ah! the old rohypnol in a glass of milk ruse. your gunna be sore when you wake up tomorrow.	-1							
1	"wkd wednesday tonight, #throwdownthursdays tomorrow night & swag vs class saturday night at st david's cc all staring yours truely"	0							
1	tenby till monday night then st david's hotel in cardiff wednesday we need it !! haha xx	1							
1	"photoset: for the adorable and loveable man, song joongki, happy 27th birthday! despite your looks not..."	1							
1	january trip to boston to see the knicks vs celtics in the boston garden!	0							
1	i need to be in east york all day tomorrow .	0							
1	\the record\ is looking for creative&&talented ppl. join prof.thorbjornsen&&dr.beverly on the 10th from 3-4pm in rose parlor.	1							
1	oh and we are playing @ the united center at 1pm on december 1st come support us and buy a ticket from me to watch the bulls!!!!!!!	1							
1	"dhs college connection night - monday, 10/22 - 6:00, all purpose room! learn about fafsa, grants, work study and loan programs."	0							
1	"3 college reps on wednesday the 26th.  otterbein, west liberty, and akron.  sign up by 8 am if interested."	0							
1	i just watched part of #dwts and cowboy troy was on there singing i play chicken with a train. brings back 8th grade memories	0							
1	sa urged to save electricity - eskom urged south africans on thursday to save electricity to reduce demand on the gr...	0							
1	somebody braiding my hair tomorrow idc who but if it doesn't look good i'm taking it out	-1							
1	thought you might appreciate this photo taken of aj at the celebration sunday better than anyone!	1							
1	all my coworkers go to brookwood. that's the only reason i may go to the game!	0							
1	"bjp doing drama to hide facts, says minister - the government tuesday accused the bharatiya janata party (bjp) of..."	-1							
1	"the new york stock exchange and nasdaq will both be open tomorrow. also, reports of 3 feet of water in the nyse are false."	0							
1	"confirmed: ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow, october 19th"	1							
1	bjp must clarify charges against gadkari: congress - the congress wednesday asked the bharatiya janata party (bjp)...	0							
1	us president wannabe rick santorum won the louisiana primary on saturday   - breaking news buzz	0							
1	#nw b2st's 3rd anniversary live stream with subs yay~	1							
1	"has anyone seen under the cherry moon (film starring prince) and, if yes, can you confirm if this is a fruitful use of a friday off work?"	0							
1	mvc weekly release with playoff scenarios. uca can finish no higher than 5th and no lower than 6th:	0							
1	3rd question: (time 3 minutes)  what is the state flower of haryana? a.    lotus b.    rhododendron c.    golden shower d.    not declared	0							
1	"nick gillespie on real time with bill maher, friday 12/22, with kirk douglas, rachel maddow, mort zuckerman, &amp; m..."	0							
1	"to celebrate the death of two titans of world literature, unesco established 23 april as world book day. bit of grim humour there..."	1							
1	congress lashes out at bjp over coal block issue: lashing out at the bharatiya janata party on wednesday for its...	-1							
1	noticed that joke when you interviewed reid hoffman. better the 2nd time around ;)	1							
1	i may or may not be obsessed with poetic justice.	0							
1	"capt and chloe were at the fall for horses event at the new jersey horse park on sunday in allentown, nj and had..."	0							
1	"our tbox bartender, bill carter ( just published his 3rd book-\boom bust boom\- come meet the..."	0							
1	ps i have been seeing on our chicago news about henryville's new (old?) school.have a good day tomorrow it is midnight already tc	1							
1	#worldnews sales of e l james' much talked about fifty shades of grey trilogy fall for the first time in two mon...	0							
1	#3dt make sure you find your self at the \s.e.c\ this thursday for $3 thursdays!!! $3 w/ college id $5 w/ reg. id til 11pm!!! #iparty	1							
1	dtn pakistan: pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a t...	1							
1	icrc says working on contact with lebanese hostages: the international committee of the red cross said thursday ...	0							
1	"i hate watching movies like friday after next on vh1 , bet, mtv,& etc. because they take out the bad language -__-. it's no fun !"	-1							
1	"i need to go find some sweets, then i'm outttt. another 12 hour day of marching band tomorrow #nevergetsold"	1							
1	you are talking to a wiener national pro! my dog kramer was 2nd fastest wiener in the west. he even had a show on animal planet!	1							
1	keva run tomorrow with young life!!!!!	1							
1	last chance to see silent house with drinks and a tour of the london tombs tomorrow night! enter now:	1							
1	"the snickerdoodle-strawberry ice cream sandwich is back!!!!  we'll be at the sr wed. night mkt, guernville farm..."	1							
1	mark martin: hello you! good weekend so far?   'the hot 20' is on but can one direction hold onto 'saturday...	1							
1	who is going to hammond friday or today	0							
1	"sunday night isn't a big tv night for me. besides ar, i was watching army wives but i heard a rumor it's not been renewed."	-1							
1	pramod venkatesh mahajan 30 october 1949 was an indian politician. he was one of the second generation leaders of the bharatiya janata party	0							
1	french montana live @ dc star this saturday #labordaywkend s/o   check it out >>	0							
1	"velonews: tom boonen happy with amgen tour so far, but hopes for first win in sunday's final stage in l.a. then ..."	1							
1	"philly girls love going to big bangs, kifs, fat tuesday, etc"	1							
1	west indies players and kyle mills during a special presentation to the widow of runako morton on wednesday	0							
1	ill love jose mourinho forever for bringing drogba to chelsea. have a feeling i may say the same thing about avb some day. #mata #lukaku	1							
1	im not getting on twitter tomorrow because all my tl will consist of is a bunch of girls talking about justin beiber #aintgottimeforthatshit	-1							
1	"they've been letting gregg williams go to the rams game they might let sean payton go to the game sunday, and loomis and vitt"	0							
1	the orange county armenian festival is going on today and tomorrow 15 & 16 in laguna hills.  come and enjoy a...	1							
1	"nba league pass is free this week? cool,  i damn sure wasn't going to buy it since i got sunday ticket"	1							
1	maybe it's just to short a time to have 1..there's booker t friday &now vicki lol for monday ..maybe aj will get it	0							
1	love this picture! praying for you right now vanessa! may the lord be your strength! :)	1							
1	happy 21st b day  looking forward to another trip to knoxville	1							
1	"lorax is on for the 3rd time today! dammit i was tryna hold off on finishing this book, can't put it down #reading"	-1							
1	"- hi kandi, when will the next kandi factory auditions be? (i just missed june 15th deadline)"	0							
1	dwayne bravo and darren sammy will donate their match fees from the 3rd odi to the wife of runako morton...!! #wi	0							
1	stevie tv is the best!	1							
1	darren sammy and dwyane bravo will donate der full 3rd match(vs nz) fee to runako morton's wife!! dedicating it to a team man!! rip morton	1							
1	i tell katie there's supposed to be a good firework display in banff this saturday. she replies with \oh right during the day yeah?\ yeah.	1							
1	good field for paris-nice. first sportive of season for me tomorrow so good weekend off and on the bike	1							
1	in other news... they're announcing the houston rodeo lineup on the 30th.	0							
1	good night everyone! much needed rest for me. tomorrow off to oslo!! playing at the oslo world music fest at park teatrett.	1							
1	"sat on a bench and my feet couldn't touch the ground. 1, drexel, shorter benches please. 2, god, 6'4\ that's all im askin. #asianboyproblems"	0							
1	are sponsoring the education initiative of the year award at #societyawards12 tomorrow. good luck to those shortlisted.	1							
1	"don't forget, tomorrow is the annual general body meeting! come out to learn more about isat and the organizations we are affiliated with!"	0							
1	you say. sunday i'll be at the wikipedia women's workshop. can meet before or after that.	0							
1	march 1st should be officiall national bieber day where we get a day off school.	0							
1	andre villas-boas talking like there may actually be some truth to the stories about adebayor wanting to leave :'''''''). great signing.	1							
1	saw bruce springsteen in june. \wrecking ball\ great but \jack of all trades\ v moving song of life in the credit crunch	1							
1	"good to see real progress on the cleanup and rebuilding in henryville, in from the march 2nd tornado."	1							
1	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life :: ...  via	-1							
1	"6:by the time you conjure the record you might notice #a change in atmosphere,that's fine,whatever may be,is probably related to the record"	0							
1	i'm going to vcu tomorrow! and you didn't come see me? :(	-1							
1	i uploaded a  video  kristin chenoweth arrives at the 2nd annual hero dog awards	0							
1	"we're on a normal recording schedule again, mondays around 6:00pm eastern, would that work for you one monday? 2/2"	0							
1	sky picture of the day! #sky #clouds #nature #outside #sun #day #nofilter #instagood	0							
1	iebc is prepared to hold the elections on 4th of march 2013-  chairman	0							
1	booked tuesday off when im home... gunna start a career with espanyol after goin to watch them! #bestteaminbarcelona	1							
1	im sorry but this is the 1st time i saw hoya unattractive at all hahahaha	-1							
1	"dear christina grimmie, you may not know it but sometimes your songs are all i need when i'm feeling down."	1							
1	i totally forgot justin biebers is going to dallas tomorrow *loads up the ak*	-1							
1	officially confirmed: tom boonen will ride at the olympics this saturday	0							
1	just added to the june 15th show at rex theatre!  live!!!	0							
1	"had a good time with student teacher, steve emerson today at the home brew class. next one will be june 2nd."	1							
1	"it's not that bad, we have purim, which it's almost the same thing but it's on march"	1							
1	redlicki/tahir are set to play wichita state duo of gregurovic/nicol at 5 pm et in the 1st round of doubles. #tulsaita #goduke	1							
1	national bieber day in all the countries<3	1							
1	"heres everybody's warning nobody better piss me off tomorrow, idc who you are i'm gonna snap #done #imatmybreakingpoint #canttakethisanymore"	-1							
1	"vh1's storytellers is coming back on nov 11, my birthday! coincidence? nah, someone just finally loves me."	1							
1	got some great shots of the march fourth marching band tonight at americaplatz  they were fantastic!!!!	1							
1	"jim luxford of east york with calendar #1381619, our 1st $5,000 daily winner for september 11!"	1							
1	"studio tomorrow, all i can think about. chillin with homies and working on new music"	1							
1	as of 2nite it goes down at big bangs..15th and arch st..10-2am...crazy drink specials and more....music by	1							
1	the insider: south africa can steal a march with robot olympics pitch	0							
1	"maino had a great 1st album and beat niggas asses, that's the type of person we need in hip hop"	1							
1	by the skin of their teeth... gregg williams.. easily 2nd best d coordinator y'all ever had	1							
1	"rt  colts owner jim irsay to donate $64,753 to  victims fund. that's # of tickets distributed to tonight's ..."	0							
1	"monday night football is on tonight, right? #nfl #wishfulthinking"	0							
1	rt  excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news! they have no idea what their in for ;)	1							
1	looking to start the week with success! lots of thoughts about tonight's mnf match between man city & swansea.	1							
1	the re-release of 'in desolate times' is available worldwide today! including bonus tracks. grab a copy and let us know what you think!	1							
1	"best friend just arrived in nyc from australia. damn it, means i can't watch the two-hour opener of terra nova tonight."	-1							
1	i'm going to cleveland tomorrow so i'll break up the losing streak.  verlander may help.	0							
1	rt  rt  monday night football vs the jets 1st game of the year lets see what we are made of. road to indy f ...	0							
1	good morning! do you know who else will be on this season of dwts?	0							
1	"so pretty much im gonna believe that myt 10,000th tweet will come sometime tonight during the mnf game jets at texans on espn"	1							
1	flying out to hou monday for the jets-texans pre season mnf game! \cant wait\ #flightboys	1							
1	woot!  so excited that i get to watch tonight's game. go colts!!	1							
1	"verlander is possibly ahead of cc, more sos better era, but cc will bounce back after last night's outing like he always does"	1							
1	rt   great to meet the guys from blue today at nurburgring. a very cool bunch of guys! looking forward to hear ...	1							
1	the takeaway from tonight's game: the colts' run defense was huge. and curtis painter rightfully owes us all (us especially) a big finger.	1							
1	"lucy hale is trending worldwide! the girls from #prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight. congrats,"	1							
1	queen latifah may be going 'dancing': remember when a \dwts\ insider confirmed to us that the show was aiming for a higher caliber of...	1							
1	tough week but tmrw is a fresh start. the only good thing about monday is you get to start over. plus  are on mnf! #greatness	1							
1	"yup, technology makes it feel like you are all right next door. in which case, come over tonight for some terra nova! #kain"	1							
1	"hope i get to catch monday night football tonight, havent got to see a game yet.....it's only preseason wk1, but feel like ive missed a lot"	-1							
1	fantasy football rankings week 1: top 50 best matchup plays: tampa bay was a woeful 28th in the national footbal... lllinkkk	1							
1	kerry collins may look like an old mouse... and hold on to the ball like one... but is a curtis painter experiment really that much better?	1							
1	"win or lose i'm proud to be a blue today, thanks to my extremely funny grandad & my sensitive, caring dad.  miss you both loads. xx"	1							
1	they figure they better get it all in tonight cause of verlander tomorrow?  is that it?  #indians	1							
1	"interesting visit with terra nova yesterday at stoneleigh, blowing a hoolie and voyager 2.2 wasn't moving, class tent."	1							
1	curtis painter's finally going to get a shot tonight.  i can't help but root for that guy!	-1							
1	i've got a blog post coming up tomorrow. topic? it's time to learn once and for all what curtis painter's got. start the man. #colts	0							
1	it looks like the curtis painter era of colts may begin tonight!	1							
1	we're so happy adambehindthemusic trended in the us & worldwide tonight!! thanks so much for showcasing adam on this special!	1							
1	"peyton manning ......... noooooooooooooooooooo!!! if curtis painter is starting on sunday, i am going to lose my shit."	-1							
1	big night. going to watch the cards thrash the pirates for a bit and then the 2011  debut on mnf. #cantwait	1							
1	since i'm a redneck i'm gonna pull up to the heritage game friday blaring some hank williams with my cowboy hat and blue jeans #yeahbuddy	1							
1	yah i know it's on. but it keeps saying monday night football and says mnf on the scoreboard. i'm just confused bc it's thursday	-1							
1	on the bright side dwts cast cumin mon. my girl kym better b on &hav sum1 that she has a chance 2 win again! go kym !  ;-)	1							
1	"it's going to be a somber set tonight for curtis painter's nickelback cover band, something in your mouth."	0							
1	apologies mistress. i thought mnf was monday night football? i get a rerun of it on a tuesday. :-) which team is yours? xx	1							
1	"does hank williams jr sing the song for monday night rugby, too?"	0							
1	"rt coco may be on the next season of dwts. if she makes it, i'll watch the 1st episode. how about you? 407.916.1041"	1							
1	damn. if i was able to go today i could have watched the advanced screening of terra nova :(	-1							
1	where's a good place in studio city/la to watch monday night football tonight? lemme know!	0							
1	colts game was fun tonight. love spending time with my fam.	1							
1	tonite it goes down!!! street fm on 90.1fm in ny broadcasting worldwide at  or watch inside the studio at	1							
1	#gotexans v. the dirty #jets football team on mnf tonight -	-1							
1	"rt   wow, you're the reason why 2 topics trended worldwide today. someone ought to be a happy little owl bunny toniiiight!"	1							
1	so verlander is starting tomorrow against the indians and i have to stay over at work. booooooo	-1							
1	weird music mood today . lots of hank williams and johnny cash running through the iphone.	-1							
1	worcestershire? what are you on about? still coming down from your 1st half high? worldwide fanbase is something #mcfc don't have! #mufc	-1							
1	"hey adam, your new album is trending worldwide yesterday. thank to ur indonesian fans! they're just can't wait!"	1							
1	"man,i want to go fuxs with the homies    tonite for mnf @ the #horn but i can't:("	-1							
1	watch monday night football tonight (& pre-game festivities) on espn.  i'm in the intro with hank williams jr.  starts at 6pm est. i will..	0							
1	that could be the turning point in the series. not just the game......the series. with verlander pitching thursday.....	1							
1	"looking like the tigers are going to be lucky to #beatcleve with verlander, let alone their exhausted bullpen tomorrow night."	1							
1	spot price on 14kt gold is $49.08 dwt in tampa bay today - crazy that gold is over $1800/ounce - remember when the real price was $300.00..	-1							
1	#nfl and #espn have as many kinks to work out as the teams -- they just flashed the \monday night football\ graphic...	1							
1	next person to comment below wins 4 tickets for tonight or tomorrow night's colts game against the mcallen thunder!	1							
1	cannot wait for mnf tonight come on the mighty swans	1							
1	oooh. haha. well unfortunately i really shouldn't watch another tonight. although i might. but it'd be blue which will make me	-1							
1	those are the real ws just ask hank williams the 3rd	1							
1	"show em what it isrt  love it when scouts be at our practice..  i counted 4 today..  broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay .."	1							
1	another heated game tonight between nsc minnesota and fc tampa bay. be sure to make your predictions! week 23 is already up.	1							
1	"if espn has a hank williams \are you ready for some football?\ song for tonight, i might pass out with happiness."	1							
1	"this friday night, terra nova football is playing one of our teams up here... i can do a little something for you guys if you want..."	0							
1	think i might go to the colts game tomorrow	0							
1	bucs play pats tonight let's go tampa bay!	0							
1	"well, he's 2nd in the al in era. he has a chance at the cy young, though verlander is probably ahead of him right now"	0							
1	"in 14 minutes of kerry collins, the #colts are down 17. let's give curtis painter a shot in the 2nd quarter. why not?"	0							
1	"must. get. innings.   we must pile on and decimate their bullpen tonight! because with verlander, they won't need it tomorrow."	0							
1	looking for something to do before the colts tomorrow nite? take the circle city tour -- $15 hop-on/hop-off access all day!	0							
1	"#nfl cardinals, fitzgerald working on a new deal - the return of espn's monday night football means the return of es... lllinkkk"	1							
1	the city of houston is buzzing right now // monday night football	1							
1	"rt  for all the real men out there... monday night football is on.. if ur watching basketball wives instead, i got #3words  ..."	1							
1	"rt  verlander's strikeout of mitch maier in 6th inn. at kc is the 1,151st of his tigers career, moving into 9th place all ..."	0							
1	aw what the hell curtis painter coming in and we give up 3rd and 18 conversion.	-1							
1	"so many! up all night, terra nova, person of interest, american horror story - hot damn, it's gonna be a good year."	1							
1	how many times do you think hank williams plays \are you ready for some football\ per concert? 3 times a night? at least?	0							
1	"rt  curtis painter is totally going to get lucky tonight, probably with another girl that looks just like him"	1							
1	deathly hallows part ii now become the 3rd high grossing movie in worldwide all of time with $1.133m . absolutely amazing !	1							
1	good luck agaist tampa bay tonight.	1							
1	curtis painter...we have a chance again! can't believe kerry collins didn't throw us a pick-six tonight	1							
1	"today in the weird, world of musical history...hank williams was fired from the grand ole opry and told not to return until he was sober."	-1							
1	"hulk, would you be interesting in coming on my show on espn 1040 tampa bay one sunday to chat?"	1							
1	"rt  my sons were watching mtv the other night. looked like an absolute freak show. what happened to hank williams, johnn ..."	-1							
1	can't wait to go to colts game with my sweetness tonight.	1							
1	rt  tomorrow is the big cast reveal for season 13 of dwts! make sure you tune in to the bachelor pad to find out the sexy cast.	1							
1	"i gave verlander a slight edge over cc, but after today against boston, he is no cy young material."	-1							
1	proudofallstar? fuck yeah. let's get it trending worldwide just like we got allstar weekend trending worldwide tonight!(:	1							
1	"my sister got to actually see fergie, pitbull, marc anthony, will smith, hank williams jr. and dan marino at the dolphin's game tonight. -_-"	0							
1	dear espn - you aren't fooling anyone with your \monday night football\ graphics... its thursday. just make tnf graphics. #thanks	1							
1	"dead on point.  u couldn't expect to sweep with verlander pitching...now if u get lucky tomorrow, its gravy and huge."	-1							
1	"i might be going thursday to see the end of the fausto carmona era in cle and to see verlander, straight filthy stuff"	0							
1	"two good abs by hosmer against verlander tonight, even if he has just a walk and flyout to show for it"	1							
1	the final b-lg draft pick game is tonight on mnf (espn).    (nyj) vs  (hou).  current leader is ken with 27 pts.	0							
1	lmao rt  monday night football tonight.....the new york not yets vs. the houston texans	0							
1	"gm the new cast of dwts is going to be on good morning america on tuesday morning, hope your appts. go well, love u!!"	1							
1	curtis painter did the curtis painter last night... a fumble and one walk-in td overthrown by 8 yards.	-1							
1	rt  have you heard about the epic new sci-fi adventure terra nova coming our way? here's the 1st trailer (feats dinosaurs): ...	0							
1	terra nova went 2 and 2 coming in second in the silver division at the del mar invitational saturday.	0							
1	i liked a  video lllinkkk hank williams i dreamed about mama last night  .  original sing	1							
1	after tonight colts fans are going to say manning is john beck like.	1							
1	tomorrow during bachelor pad.  rt   do you know if tonight they announce the cast for dwts???	0							
1	noticed that you going to be in tampa tomorrow and wanted to see if we can do a q&a for metormix tampa bay and feature you ???	0							
1	looking forward to going to the colts game this evening!	1							
1	how about the  gettin some recognition 10/10/2011 the lions play on \monday night football\	0							
1	photo: blue friday! i get to wear jeans to work and the colts are playing tonight!! woohoo!! go colts!!!!... lllinkkk	1							
1	quite enjoying  on mnf - he looks more at home sat down tho - i don't think he knows what to do with his hands when he's stood up	1							
1	rt  my tampa bay bucs gone crush the sorry ass phins tonight	-1							
1	rt if you're stoked about monday night football!!	1							
1	still need to watch the pilot for terra nova. maybe tomorrow...	0							
1	curtis painter was asked in interviews today if as the lead singer of nirvana was getting the band back together.	0							
1	"rt  love it when scouts be at our practice..  i counted 4 today..  broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay .."	1							
1	rt  be sure to catch former owl football player lestar jean on espn's monday night football tonight at 8 p.m. with hous ...	1							
1	#mlb 5* run line banger and two 4* bonus plays!perfect #nfl record on the line 3-0(100%) tonight with a mnf steam move lllinkkk	1							
1	#redskins qb john beck will start friday against the colts despite a strong performance by rex grossman.	0							
1	storms are starting to pop. storm motion today in tampa bay is nw at 10-15mph so if you see dark skies to your se...	0							
1	"wow! sytycd finale tonight and tomorrow, 19 days until dwts cast announcement, 40 days until dwts, where did the summer go..."	1							
1	"indians are up 8-3!  they have to win tonight, facing verlander tomorrow!"	1							
1	colts game tomorrow with drew budd!	1							
1	colts backup qb curtis painter warming up. this could be it for kerry collins who may have a concussion. #nfl #colts	0							
1	french pressed cup of verve's los naranjos with a bit of hank williams. good morning!	1							
1	"i hope you are voted for on aug 28th for dwts! that would be the ish ,while we wait for season 2 of ... lllinkkk"	1							
1	rt  lucy hale is trending worldwide! the girls from #prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight. congra ...	1							
1	thanks to  kim & i are going to the rascal flatts concert tonight! thank you tampa bay's best country!!!	1							
1	yay !!!!rt  excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news! they have no idea what their in for ;)	1							
1	hope you win tonight tom!  your us and worldwide fans from  and  are cheering for u!	1							
1	"colts owner jim irsay will give $64,753 to victims fund in state fair tragedy = the total number of tickets distributed at tonight's game."	0							
1	"if i'm reading the twitter trend list correctly, people are really happy that verlander beat the royals yesterday"	1							
1	colts game tonight! yay!	1							
1	"is this on tv again? \ most of redskins starters will sit tonight vs tampa bay, but 1st ol will play as long as beck...\"	0							
1	what will have a better tv rating...#cardinals v #rockies tonight or mnf with #texans and #jets? reg season hardball v preseason football	1							
1	"yes. i'm ready for hs, college & pro. bring it!  make monday better! we can now come home to mnf! you ready for some football?"	1							
1	"trying to leave, i'm only 10 minutes late (so far) - still need to dash to the ladies room.  can't wait to hear who is on dwts tonight!"	1							
1	i fail to see why the rams are playing twice on mnf this fall-isn't once enough?and their 1st div game isnt til wk9!un-frickin-real.	-1							
1	i hope my iphone gets service tonite to find out about dwts cause i have no power from the storm. no tv no nuttin	-1							
1	brooke burke lllinkkk where can i find the dress worn by dwts host brooke burke on dancing with the stars last night? ;o	0							
1	rt  there won't be just a party in the usa tonight there'll be a party worldwide when miley wins. booyah! tcaformiley	1							
1	i think sparks fly music video will be worldwide on the 13th! don't you think? :')	1							
1	rt  i think sparks fly music video will be worldwide on the 13th! don't you think? :')	1							
1	"after that, i'll start plugging mine and  live tweet of the new fox show terra nova on september 26. #maybewewillgetfreestuff"	1							
1	man was that jets and cowboys game awesome or what. great entertainment thats for sure. time to hear some hank williams gettin rowdy tonight	1							
1	mnf tonight! let's go sexy rexy!	1							
1	just checking in to see if i had a nightmare last night about the dwts cast or not.	0							
1	lmao rt  curtis painter looks like the kind of guy who would try to buy beer on sunday. #scumbag	-1							
1	monday night football #teamtexans all day & tomorrow... #mns	0							
1	"come out and watch those guys softball next saturday august 27th for the colts softball tournament,, it would be great"	0							
1	"this friday night, terra nova football is playing one of our teams up here. i can do a little something for pp if you want."	1							
1	hank williams & whisky in an empty bar on a friday.  really?  i'm that guy now.  fuck.  cute bartender but she chats with an off duty one	-1							
1	love that you 2 keep in touch :) one of my favorite dwts couples & reason i started watching in the 1st place!	1							
1	huge thanks to those of you who came out to my photography workshops today at terra nova!	1							
1	rt  #londonriots is trending 3rd worldwide ..... this is not something to be proud of united kingdom!!! sort it out!!!!	-1							
1	i had a fun day on terra nova. followed by a ho-down at the end of the night. got plenty of screen time. look for the only dancing soilder!	1							
1	"today, we found out that rob henry tore his acl, steve jobs is stepping down, the colts signed kerry collins, and the carter 4 leaked."	-1							
1	monday night football - gary neville did well even if at times he was like a train spotter talking about the female clitoris. #itsnoteasy	1							
1	"happy birthday, hank williams. in honor if the hank turning 88, we'll play 88 hank songs in a row tonite  #honkytonk"	1							
1	can somebody please tell me why it says \mnf\ during this preseason game on thursday.	0							
1	the tigers know it's a big game as well: resting martinez & alburquerque monday and bumping verlander.	1							
1	"new cast of dwts tba at 8pm tonight!! so excited :) the meeting tonight better be done, or \someone\ will have to lend me their phone :) thx"	1							
1	i'd recommend just turning it off and waiting for verlander tomorrow.	-1							
1	rt  it's monday and monday night football is on my mind. rt if you love football! #mnfootng.	1							
1	all i know is the road for that lomardi start at tonight!!!! we will set a record for a pre-season mnf i can guarantee it.	1							
1	"all blue and white fam, we r meeting at golden corral for dinner tonight at 6pm...."	0							
1	have a great game agaist tampa bay tonight.	1							
1	"i'm pisseeedddd that i missed kid cudi's show in dallas, it was trending worldwide that night, &all im hearing is positive reviews of lolla"	-1							
